waymar royce;Season 1;What d’you expect? They’re savages One lot steals a goat from another lot and before you know it, they’re ripping each other to pieces
will;Season 1;I’ve never seen wildlings do a thing like this I’ve never seen a thing like this, not ever in my life
waymar royce;Season 1;How close did you get?
will;Season 1;Close as any man would
gared;Season 1;We should head back to the wall
royce;Season 1;Do the dead frighten you?
gared;Season 1;Our orders were to track the wildlings We tracked them They won’t trouble us no more
royce;Season 1;You don’t think he’ll ask us how they died? Get back on your horse
will;Season 1;Whatever did it to them could do it to us They even killed the children
royce;Season 1;It’s a good thing we’re not children You want to run away south, run away Of course, they will behead you as a deserter If I don’t catch you first Get back on your horse I won’t say it again
royce;Season 1;Your dead men seem to have moved camp
will;Season 1;They were here
gared;Season 1;See where they went
royce;Season 1;What is it?
gared;Season 1;It’s
jon;Season 1;Go on Father’s watching
jon;Season 1;And your mother
septa mordane;Season 1;Fine work, as always Well done
sansa;Season 1;Thank you
septa mordane;Season 1;I love the detail that you’ve managed to get in this corners Quite beautiful the stitching
ned;Season 1;And which one of you was a marksman at ten? Keep practicing, Bran Go on
jon;Season 1;Don’t think too much, Bran
robb;Season 1;Relax your bow arm JON
robb;Season 1;Quick, Bran, faster
cassel;Season 1;Lord Stark My lady A guardsman just rode in from the hills They’ve captured a deserter from the Night’s Watch
ned;Season 1;Get the lads to saddle their horses
catelyn;Season 1;Do you have to?
ned;Season 1;He swore an oath, Cat
cassel;Season 1;The law is law, my lady
ned;Season 1;Tell Bran he’s coming, too
catelyn;Season 1;Ned Ten is too young to see such things
ned;Season 1;He won’t be a boy forever And winter is coming
robb;Season 1;Lad, go run back and get the rest
will;Season 1;White Walkers I saw the White Walkers White Walkers The White Walkers, I saw them
will;Season 1;I know I broke my oath And I know I’m a deserter I should have gone back to the Wall and warned them But I saw what I saw I saw the White Walkers People need to know If you can get word to my family, tell them I’m no coward Tell them I’m sorry
will;Season 1;Forgive me, lord
ned;Season 1;In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, first of his name
jon;Season 1;Don’t look away
ned;Season 1;King of the Andals and the First Men
jon;Season 1;Father will know if you do
ned;Season 1;Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and protector of the realm, I, Eddard of the House Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North, sentence you to die
jon;Season 1;You did well
ned;Season 1;You understand why I did it?
bran;Season 1;Jon said he was a deserter
ned;Season 1;But do you understand why I had to kill him?
bran;Season 1;Our way is the old way?
ned;Season 1;The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword
bran;Season 1;Is it true he saw the White Walkers?
ned;Season 1;The White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years
bran;Season 1;So he was lying?
ned;Season 1;A madman sees what he sees
jon;Season 1;What is it?
theon;Season 1;Mountain lion?
ned;Season 1;There are no mountain lions in these woods
theon;Season 1;It’s a freak
ned;Season 1;It’s a direwolf
ned;Season 1;Tough old beast
robb;Season 1;There are no direwolves south of the Wall
jon;Season 1;Now there are five
jon;Season 1;You want to hold it?
bran;Season 1;Where will they go? Their mother’s dead
cassel;Season 1;They don’t belong down here
ned;Season 1;Better a quick death They won’t last without their mother
theon;Season 1;Right Give it here
bran;Season 1;NO
robb;Season 1;Put away your blade
theon;Season 1;I take orders from your father, not you
bran;Season 1;Please, father
ned;Season 1;I’m sorry, Bran
jon;Season 1;Lord Stark? There are five pups One for each of the Stark children The direwolf is the sigil of your House They were meant to have them
ned;Season 1;You will train them yourselves You will feed them yourselves And if they die, you will bury them yourselves
bran;Season 1;What about you?
jon;Season 1;I’m not a Stark Get on
robb;Season 1;What is it?
theon;Season 1;The runt of the litter That one’s yours, Snow
jaime;Season 1;As your brother, I feel it’s my duty to warn you You worry too much It’s starting to show
cersei;Season 1;And you never worry about anything When we were seven, you jumped off the cliffs as Casterly Rock One hundred foot drop into the water And you were never afraid
jaime;Season 1;There was nothing to be afraid of until you told father We’re Lannisters Lannisters don’t act like fools
cersei;Season 1;What if Jon Arryn told someone?
jaime;Season 1;But who would he tell?
cersei;Season 1;My husband
jaime;Season 1;If he told the king, both our heads would be skewered on the city gates by now Whatever Jon Arryn knew or didn’t know, it died with him And Robert will choose a new Hand of the king, someone to do his job while he’s off fucking boars and hunting whores Or is it the other way around? And life will go on
cersei;Season 1;You should be the Hand of the king
jaime;Season 1;That’s an honor I can do without Their days are too long, their lives are too short
catelyn;Season 1;All these years and I still feel like an outsider when I come here
ned;Season 1;You have five northern children You’re not an outsider
catelyn;Season 1;I wonder if the old gods agree
ned;Season 1;It’s your gods with all the rules
catelyn;Season 1;I am so sorry, my love
ned;Season 1;Tell me
catelyn;Season 1;There was a raven from Kings Landing Jon Arryn is dead A fever took him I know he was like a father to you
ned;Season 1;Your sister The boy
catelyn;Season 1;They both have their health Gods be good The raven brought more news The king rides for Winterfell With the queen and all the rest of them
ned;Season 1;He’s coming this far North, there’s only one thing he’s after
catelyn;Season 1;You can always say no, Ned
catelyn;Season 1;We need plenty of candles for Lord Tyrion’s chamber I’m told he reads all night
maester luwin;Season 1;I’m told he drinks all night
catelyn;Season 1;How much could he possibly drink? A man of his stature
luwin;Season 1;We’ve brought up eight barrels of ale from the cellar Perhaps we’ll find out
catelyn;Season 1;In any case, candles
jon;Season 1;Why’s your mother so dead-set on us getting pretty for the king?
theon;Season 1;It’s for the queen, I bet I hear she
robb;Season 1;I hear the prince is a right royal prick
theon;Season 1;Think of all those southern girls he gets to stab with his right royal prick
robb;Season 1;Go on, Tommy, shave him good He’s never met a girl he likes better than his own hair
catelyn;Season 1;Gods, but they grow fast Brandon
bran;Season 1;I saw the king! He’s got hundreds of people
catelyn;Season 1;How many times have I told you No climbing
bran;Season 1;But he’s coming right now! Down our road
catelyn;Season 1;I want you to promise me No more climbing
bran;Season 1;I promise
catelyn;Season 1;D’you know what?
bran;Season 1;What?
catelyn;Season 1;You always look at your feet before you lie Run and find your father Tell him the king is close
catelyn;Season 1;Where’s Arya? Sansa, where’s your sister?
ned;Season 1;Hey,, hey, hey, hey What are you doing with that on?
arya;Season 1;Move
ned;Season 1;Your Grace
robert;Season 1;You’ve got fat
robert;Season 1;Cat
catelyn;Season 1;Your Grace
robert;Season 1;Nine years Why haven’t I seen you? Where the hell have you been?
ned;Season 1;Guarding the North for you, Your Grace Winterfell is yours
arya;Season 1;Where’s the Imp?
sansa;Season 1;Will you shut up?
robert;Season 1;Who have we here? You must be Robb My, you’re a pretty one Your name is?
arya;Season 1;Arya
robert;Season 1;Ooh Show us your muscles You’ll be a soldier
arya;Season 1;That’s Jaime Lannister The queen’s twin brother
sansa;Season 1;Would you please shut up
ned;Season 1;My queen
catelyn;Season 1;My queen
robert;Season 1;Take me to your crypt I want to pay my respects
cersei;Season 1;We’ve been riding for a month, my love Surely the dead can wait
robert;Season 1;Ned
arya;Season 1;Where’s the Imp?
cersei;Season 1;Where is our brother? Go find the little beast
ned;Season 1;Tell me about Jon Arryn
robert;Season 1;One minute he was fine, and then Burned right through him, whatever it was I loved that man
ned;Season 1;We both did
robert;Season 1;He never had to teach you much, but me You remember me at 16? All I wanted to do was crack skulls and fuck girls He showed me what was what
ned;Season 1;Aye
robert;Season 1;Don’t look at me like that Not his fault I didn’t listen I need you, Ned Down at Kings Landing Not up here, where you’re no damn use to anybody Lord Eddard Stark, I would name you the Hand of the king
ned;Season 1;I’m not worthy of the honor
robert;Season 1;I’m not trying to honor you I’m trying to get you to run my kingdom while I eat, drink, and whore my way to an early grave Damn it, Ned, stand up You helped me win the Iron Throne, now help me keep the damn thing We were meant to rule together If your sister had lived, we would have been bound by blood Well, it’s not too late I have a son, you have a daughter We’ll join our Houses
tyrion;Season 1;Mmh It is true what they say about the Northern girls
ros;Season 1;Did you hear the king’s in Winterfell?
tyrion;Season 1;I did hear something about that
ros;Season 1;And the queen And her twin brother They say that he is the most handsome man in the Seven Kingdoms
tyrion;Season 1;And the other brother?
ros;Season 1;The queen has two brothers?
tyrion;Season 1;There’s the pretty one And there’s the clever one
ros;Season 1;I hear they call him the Imp
tyrion;Season 1;I hear he hates that nickname
ros;Season 1;Oh? I hear he’s more than earned it I hear he’s a drunken little lecher into all manner of perversions
tyrion;Season 1;Clever girl
ros;Season 1;We’ve been expecting you, Lord Tyrion
tyrion;Season 1;Have you?
tyrion;Season 1;The gods gave me one blessing
jaime;Season 1;Don’t get up
ros;Season 1;M’lord
tyrion;Season 1;Should I explain to you the meaning of a closed door in a whorehouse, brother?
jaime;Season 1;You’ve much to teach me, no doubt But our sister craves your attention
tyrion;Season 1;She has odd cravings, our sister
jaime;Season 1;A family trait Now, the Starks are feasting us at sundown Don’t leave me alone with these people
tyrion;Season 1;I’m sorry, I’ve begun the feast a bit early And this is the first of many courses
jaime;Season 1;I thought you might say that But since we’re short on time, Come on, girls See you at sundown
tyrion;Season 1;Close the door!Scene changes to the Winterfell crypt, at Lyanna’s tomb
robert;Season 1;Did you have to bury her in a place like this? She should be on a hill somewhere with the sun and the clouds above her
ned;Season 1;She was my sister This is where she belongs
robert;Season 1;She belonged with me
robert;Season 1;In my dreams, I kill him every night
ned;Season 1;It’s done, Your Grace The Targaryens are gone
robert;Season 1;Not all of them
viserys;Season 1;Daenerys
viserys;Season 1;Daenerys! There’s our bride to be! Look – a gift from Illyrio Touch it Come on Feel the fabric Mmmm Isn’t he a gracious host?
daenerys;Season 1;We’ve been his guests for over a year and he’s never asked us for anything
viserys;Season 1;Illyrio is no fool He knows I won’t forget my friends when I come into my throne You still slouch Let me see You have a woman’s body now I need you to be perfect today Can you do that for me? You don’t want to wake the dragon, do you?
daenerys;Season 1;No
viserys;Season 1;When they write the history of my reign, sweet sister, they will say it began today
maid;Season 1;It’s too hot, my lady
viserys;Season 1;Where is he?
illyrio;Season 1;The Dothraki are not known for their punctuality
illyrio;Season 1;May I present my honored guests? Viserys of House Targaryen, the third of his name The rightful King of the Andals and the First Men And his sister, Daenerys, of the House Targaryen
viserys;Season 1;Do you see how long his hair is? When Dothraki are defeated in combat, they cut off their braid so the whole world can see their shame Khal Drogo has never been defeated He’s a savage, of course, but he’s one of the finest killers alive And you will be his queen
illyrio;Season 1;Come forward, my dear
viserys;Season 1;Where’s he going?
illyrio;Season 1;The ceremony is over
viserys;Season 1;But he didn’t say anything Did he like her?
illyrio;Season 1;Trust me, Your Grace If he didn’t like her, we’d know
illyrio;Season 1;It won’t be long now Soon you will cross the Narrow Sea and take back your father’s throne The people drink secret toasts to your health They cry out for their true king
viserys;Season 1;When will they be married?
illyrio;Season 1;Soon The Dothraki never stay still for long
viserys;Season 1;Is it true they lie with their horses?
illyrio;Season 1;I wouldn’t ask Khal Drogo
viserys;Season 1;Do you take me for a fool?
illyrio;Season 1;I take you for a king Kings lack the caution of common men My apologies if I’ve given offense
viserys;Season 1;I know how to play a man like Drogo I give him a queen and he gives me an army DAENERYS I don’t want to be his queen I want to go home
viserys;Season 1;So do I I want us both to go home But they took it from us So tell me, sweet sister, how do we go home?
daenerys;Season 1;I don’t know
viserys;Season 1;We go home with an army With Khal Drogo’s army I would let his whole tribe fuck you, all 40,000 men and their horses too, if that’s what it took
sansa;Season 1;Do you think Joffrey will like me? What if he thinks I’m ugly?
catelyn;Season 1;Then he is the stupidest prince that ever lived
sansa;Season 1;He’s so handsome
sansa;Season 1;When would we be married? Soon or do we have to wait?
catelyn;Season 1;Hush now Your father hasn’t even said yes
sansa;Season 1;Why would he say no? He’d be the second most powerful man in the kingdoms
catelyn;Season 1;He’d have to leave home He’d have to leave me And so would you
sansa;Season 1;You left your home to come here And I’d be queen someday Please make father say yes
catelyn;Season 1;Sansa
sansa;Season 1;Please, please It’s the only thing I ever wanted
benjen;Season 1;Is he dead yet?
jon;Season 1;Uncle Benjen
benjen;Season 1;You got bigger I rode all day Didn’t want to leave you alone with the Lannisters Why aren’t you at the feast?
jon;Season 1;Lady Stark thought it might insult the royal family to seat a bastard in their midst
benjen;Season 1;Well, you’re always welcome on the wall No bastard was ever refused a seat there
jon;Season 1;So take me with you when you go back
benjen;Season 1;Jon
jon;Season 1;Father will let me if you ask him, I know he will
benjen;Season 1;The Wall isn’t going anywhere
jon;Season 1;I’m ready to swear your oath
benjen;Season 1;You don’t understand what you’d be giving up We have no families None of us will ever father sons
jon;Season 1;I don’t care about that
benjen;Season 1;You might, if you knew what it meant I’d better get inside Rescue your father from his guests We’ll talk later
tyrion;Season 1;Your uncle’s in the Night’s Watch
jon;Season 1;What’re you doing back there?
tyrion;Season 1;Preparing for a night with your family I’ve always wanted to see the Wall
jon;Season 1;You’re Tyrion Lannister The queen’s brother?
tyrion;Season 1;My greatest accomplishment You – you’re Ned Stark’s bastard, aren’t you?
tyrion;Season 1;Did I offend you? Sorry You are the bastard, though
jon;Season 1;Lord Eddard Stark is my father
tyrion;Season 1;And Lady Stark is not your mother Making you a bastard Let me give you some advice, bastard Never forget what you are The rest of the world will not Wear it like armor Then it can never be used to hurt you
jon;Season 1;What the hell do you know about being a bastard?
tyrion;Season 1;All dwarves are bastards in their fathers’ eyes
benjen;Season 1;You at a feast It’s like a bear in a trap
ned;Season 1;The boy I beheaded Did you know him?
benjen;Season 1;Of course I did Just a lad But he was tough, Ned A true Ranger
ned;Season 1;He was talking madness Said the Walkers slaughtered his friends
benjen;Season 1;The two he was with are still missing
ned;Season 1;A wildling ambush
benjen;Season 1;Maybe Direwolves south of the wall Talk of the Walkers My brother might be the next Hand to the king Winter is coming
ned;Season 1;Winter is coming
robb;Season 1;Uncle Benjen
benjen;Season 1;Robb boy How are ye?
robb;Season 1;I’m good CATELYN Is this your first time in the North, Your Grace?
cersei;Season 1;Yes Lovely country
catelyn;Season 1;I’m sure it’s very grim, after Kings Landing I remember how scared I was when Ned brought me up here for the first time
cersei;Season 1;Hello, little dove But you are a beauty How old are you?
sansa;Season 1;Thirteen, Your Grace
cersei;Season 1;You’re tall Still growing?
sansa;Season 1;I think so, Your Grace
cersei;Season 1;And have you bled yet?
sansa;Season 1;No, Your Grace
cersei;Season 1;And your dress Did you make it?
cersei;Season 1;Such talent You must make something for me
cersei;Season 1;I hear we might share a grandchild someday
catelyn;Season 1;I hear the same
cersei;Season 1;Your daughter will do well in the capital Such a beauty shouldn’t stay hidden up here forever
ned;Season 1;Your pardon
jaime;Season 1;I hear we might be neighbors soon I hope it’s true
ned;Season 1;Yes, the king has honored me with his offer
jaime;Season 1;I’m sure we’ll have a tournament to celebrate the new title, if you accept It would be good to have you in the field The competition has become a bit stale
ned;Season 1;I don’t fight in tournaments
jaime;Season 1;No? Getting a little old for it?
ned;Season 1;I don’t fight in tournaments because when I fight a man for real, I don’t want him to know what I can do
jaime;Season 1;Well said
sansa;Season 1;Arya
robb;Season 1;Time for bed
ned;Season 1;I’m a Northman I belong here with you, not down south in that rat’s nest they call a capital
catelyn;Season 1;I won’t let him take you
ned;Season 1;The king takes what he wants That’s why he’s king
catelyn;Season 1;I’ll say, Listen, fat man, you are not taking my husband anywhere He belongs to me now
ned;Season 1;How did he get so fat?
catelyn;Season 1;He only stops eating when it’s time for a drink
a voice;Season 1;It’s Maester Luwin, my lord
ned;Season 1;Send him in
luwin;Season 1;Pardon, my lord, my lady A rider in the night from your sister
ned;Season 1;Stay
catelyn;Season 1;This was sent from the Eyrie What’s she doing at the Eyrie? She hasn’t been back there since her wedding
ned;Season 1;What news?
catelyn;Season 1;She’s fled the capital She says Jon Arryn was murdered By the Lannisters She says the king is in danger
ned;Season 1;She’s fresh widowed, Cat She doesn’t know what she’s saying
catelyn;Season 1;Lysa’s head would be on a spike right now if the wrong people had found that letter Do you think she would risk her life, her son’s life, if she wasn’t certain her husband was murdered?
luwin;Season 1;If this news is true, and the Lannisters conspire against the throne, who but you can protect the king?
catelyn;Season 1;They murdered the last Hand Now you want Ned to take the job
luwin;Season 1;The king rode for a month to ask Lord Stark’s help He’s the only one he trusts You swore the king an oath, my lord
catelyn;Season 1;He spent half his life fighting Robert’s wars He owes him nothing Your father and brother rode south once on a king’s demand
luwin;Season 1;A different time Different king
viserys;Season 1;When do I meet with the Khal? We need to begin planning the invasion
illyrio;Season 1;If Khal Drogo has promised you a crown, you shall have it
viserys;Season 1;When?
illyrio;Season 1;When their omens favor war
viserys;Season 1;I piss on Dothraki omens I waited 17 years to get my throne back
illyrio;Season 1;A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair
jorah;Season 1;A small gift for the new Khaleesi Songs and histories from the Seven Kingdoms
daenerys;Season 1;Thank you, ser Are you from my country?
jorah;Season 1;Ser Jorah Mormont of Bear Island I served your father for many years Gods be good, I hope to always serve the rightful king
illyrio;Season 1;Dragons’ eggs, Daenerys From the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai The ages have turned them to stone, but they will always be beautiful
daenerys;Season 1;Thank you, Magister
daenerys;Season 1;She’s beautiful Ser Jorah, I don’t know how to say thank you’ in Dothraki
jorah;Season 1;There is no word for thank you’ in Dothraki
viserys;Season 1;Make him happy
khal drogo;Season 1;No
daenerys;Season 1;Do you know the Common Tongue?
khal drogo;Season 1;No
daenerys;Season 1;Is no’ the only word that you know?
khal drogo;Season 1;No
sandor;Season 1;Rough night, Imp?
tyrion;Season 1;If I get through this without squirting from one end or the other, it will be a miracle
sandor;Season 1;I didn’t pick you for a hunter
tyrion;Season 1;The greatest in the land My spear never misses
sandor;Season 1;It’s not hunting if you pay for it
robert;Season 1;Are you as good with a spear as you used to be?
ned;Season 1;No, but I’m still better than you
robert;Season 1;I know what I’m putting you through Thank you for saying yes I only ask you because I need you You’re a loyal friend You hear me? A loyal friend The last one I’ve got
ned;Season 1;I hope I’ll serve you well
robert;Season 1;You will And I’ll make sure you don’t look so fucking grim all the time Come on, boys, let’s go kill some boar
bran;Season 1;Come on, you
cersei;Season 1;Stop STOP
jaime;Season 1;Are you completely mad?
cersei;Season 1;He saw us
jaime;Season 1;It’s all right It’s all right
cersei;Season 1;He saw us
jaime;Season 1;I heard you the first time Quite the little climber, aren’t you? How old are you, boy?
bran;Season 1;Ten
jaime;Season 1;Ten
jaime;Season 1;The things I do for love BLACKOUT
jorah;Season 1;You need to drink, child And eat
daenerys;Season 1;Isnt there anything else?
jorah;Season 1;The Dothraki have two things in abundance grass and horses People cant live on grass In the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, they say there are fields of ghost grass with stalks as pale as milk that glow in the night It murders all other grass The Dothraki believe that one day it will cover everything Thats the way the world will end Itll get easier
doreah;Season 1;Khaleesi
irri;Season 1;Your hands
jorah;Season 1;Were still not far from Pentos, your Grace Magister Illyrio has extended his hospitality Youd be more comfortable there
viserys;Season 1;I have no interest in hospitality or comfort Ill stay with Drogo until he fulfils his end of the bargain and I have my crown
jorah;Season 1;As you wish, your Grace
viserys;Season 1;Well, Mormont, as brutish as this life is, I suppose it is preferable to beheading What did Ned Stark want you for? Buying from a slaver?
jorah;Season 1;Selling to one Some poachers I caught on my land
viserys;Season 1;Under my reign, you wont be punished for such nonsense You can rest assured of that -
joffrey;Season 1;Better-looking bitches than youre used to, Uncle My mothers been looking for you We ride for Kings Landing today
tyrion;Season 1;Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies
joffrey;Season 1;What good will my sympathies do them?
tyrion;Season 1;None But it is expected of you Your absence has already been noted
joffrey;Season 1;The boy means nothing to me And I cant stand the wailing of women
tyrion;Season 1;One word and Ill hit you again
joffrey;Season 1;Im telling mother
tyrion;Season 1;Go! Tell her But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark and you will fall on your knees in front of them and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service, and that all your prayers are with them Do you understand?
joffrey;Season 1;You cant.
tyrion;Season 1;Do you understand?
sandor clegane;Season 1;The Prince will remember that, little lord
tyrion;Season 1;I hope so If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him Time for breakfast.
tyrion;Season 1;Bread And two of those little fish And a mug of dark beer to wash it down And bacon, burnt black
jaime;Season 1;Little brother
tyrion;Season 1;Beloved siblings
myrcella;Season 1;Is Bran going to die?
tyrion;Season 1;Apparently not
cersei;Season 1;What do you mean?
tyrion;Season 1;The Maester says the boy may live
cersei;Season 1;Its no mercy, letting a child linger in such pain
tyrion;Season 1;Only the gods know for certain All the rest of us can do is pray The charms of the north seem entirely lost on you
cersei;Season 1;I still cant believe youre going Its ridiculous even for you
tyrion;Season 1;Wheres your sense of wonder? The greatest structure ever built, the intrepid men of the Nights Watch, the wintry abode of the White Walkers
jaime;Season 1;Tell me youre not thinking of taking the black
tyrion;Season 1;And go celibate? The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world
cersei;Season 1;The children dont need to hear your filth Come
jaime;Season 1;Even if the boy lives, hell be a cripple, a grotesque Give me a good clean death any day
tyrion;Season 1;Speaking for the grotesques, Id have to disagree Death is so final, whereas life Life is full of possibilities I hope the boy does wake Id be very interested to hear what he has to say
jaime;Season 1;My dear brother, there are times you make me wonder whose side youre on
tyrion;Season 1;My dear brother, you wound me You know how much I love my family -
cersei;Season 1;Please
catelyn;Season 1;I would have dressed, your Grace
cersei;Season 1;This is your home Im your guest Handsome one, isnt he? I lost my first boy, a little black-haired beauty He was a fighter too Tried to beat the fever that took him Forgive me Its the last thing you need to hear right now
catelyn;Season 1;I never knew
cersei;Season 1;It was years ago Robert was crazed, beat his hands bloody on the wall, all the things men do to show you how much they care The boy looked just like him Such a little thing A bird without feathers They came to take his body away and Robert held me I screamed and I battled, but he held me That little bundle They took him away and I never saw him again Never have visited the crypt, never I pray to the Mother every morning and night that she return your child to you
catelyn;Season 1;I am grateful
cersei;Season 1;Perhaps this time shell listen -
jaime;Season 1;A sword for the wall?
jon;Season 1;I already have one
jaime;Season 1;Good man Have you swung it yet?
jon;Season 1;Of course I have
jaime;Season 1;At someone, I mean Its a strange thing, the first time you cut a man You realize were nothing but sacks of meat and blood and some bone to keep it all standing Let me thank you ahead of time for guarding us all from the perils beyond the Wall Wildlings and White Walkers and whatnot Were grateful to have good, strong men like you protecting us
jon;Season 1;Weve guarded the Kingdoms for 8 000 years
jaime;Season 1;Is it we already? Have you taken your vows then?
jon;Season 1;Soon enough
jaime;Season 1;Give my regards to the Nights Watch Im sure it will be thrilling to serve in such an elite force And if not, Its only for life -
arya;Season 1;Thank you, Nymeria Septa Mordane says I have to do it again My things werent properly folded , she says Who cares how theyre folded?! Theyre going to get all messed up anyway
jon;Season 1;Its good youve got help
arya;Season 1;Watch Nymeria, gloves
jon;Season 1;Impressive
arya;Season 1;Shut up Nymeria, gloves
jon;Season 1;I have something for you And it has to be packed very carefully
arya;Season 1;A present?
jon;Season 1;Close the door This is no toy Be careful you dont cut yourself
arya;Season 1;Its so skinny
jon;Season 1;So are you I had the blacksmith make it for you special It wont hack a mans head off, but it can poke him full of holes if youre quick enough
arya;Season 1;I can be quick
jon;Season 1;Youll have to work at it every day How does it feel? Do you like the balance?
arya;Season 1;I think so
jon;Season 1;First lesson Stick them with the pointy end
arya;Season 1;I know which end to use
jon;Season 1;Im going to miss you Careful All the best swords have names, you know
arya;Season 1;Sansa can keep her sewing needles Ive got a needle of my own -
jon;Season 1;I came to say goodbye to Bran
catelyn;Season 1;Youve said it
jon;Season 1;I wish I could be here when you wake up Im going north with Uncle Benjen Im taking the black I know we always talked about seeing the Wall together, but youll be able to come visit me at Castle Black when youre better Ill know my way around by then Ill be a sworn brother of the Nights Watch We can go out walking beyond the Wall, if youre not afraid
catelyn;Season 1;I want you to leave
catelyn;Season 1;17 years ago you rode off with Robert Baratheon You came back a year later with another womans son And now youre leaving again
ned;Season 1;I have no choice
catelyn;Season 1;Thats what men always say when honor calls Thats what you tell your families, tell yourselves You do have a choice And youve made it I cant do it, Ned I really cant
ned;Season 1;You can You must -
robb;Season 1;Youve said goodbye to Bran? Hes not going to die I know it
jon;Season 1;You Starks are hard to kill
robb;Season 1;My mother?
jon;Season 1;She was very kind
robb;Season 1;Good Next time I see you, youll be all in black
jon;Season 1;It was always my color
robb;Season 1;Farewell, Snow
jon;Season 1;And you, Stark -
ned;Season 1;Theres great honor serving in the Nights Watch The Starks have manned the Wall for thousands of years And you are a Stark You might not have my name, but you have my blood
jon;Season 1;Is my mother alive? Does she know about me? Where I am, where Im going? Does she care?
ned;Season 1;The next time we see each other, well talk about your mother I promise -
robert;Season 1;Gods, this is country! Ive half a mind to leave them all behind and keep going
ned;Season 1;Ive half a mind to go with you
robert;Season 1;What do you say, just you and me on the Kingsroad, swords at our sides, a couple of tavern wenches to warm our beds tonight
ned;Season 1;You should have asked me 20 years ago
robert;Season 1;There were wars to fight, women to marry We never had the chance to be young
ned;Season 1;I recall a few chances
robert;Season 1;There was that one Oh, what was her name? That common girl of yours? Becca? With the great big tits you could bury your face in
ned;Season 1;Bessie She was one of yours
robert;Season 1;Bessie! Thank the gods for Bessie and her tits Yours was Aleena? No You told me once Meryl? Your bastards mother?
ned;Season 1;Wylla
robert;Season 1;Thats it She must have been a rare wench to make Lord forget his honor You never told me what she looked like
ned;Season 1;Nor will I
robert;Season 1;We were at war None of us knew if we were gonna go back home again Youre too hard on yourself You always have been I swear if I werent your King, youd have hit me already
ned;Season 1;The worst thing about your coronation Ill never get to hit you again
robert;Season 1;Trust me, thats not the worst thing There was a rider in the night
ned;Season 1;Daenerys Targaryen has wed some Dothraki horselord What of it? Should we send her a wedding gift?
robert;Season 1;A knife perhaps, a good sharp one, and a bold man to wield it
ned;Season 1;Shes little more than a child
robert;Season 1;Soon enough that child will spread her legs and start breeding
ned;Season 1;Tell me were not speaking of this
robert;Season 1;Oh, its unspeakable to you? What her father did to your family That was unspeakable What Rhaegar Targaryen did to your sister the woman I loved Ill kill every Targaryen I get my hands on
ned;Season 1;But you cant get your hands on this one, can you?
robert;Season 1;This Khal Drogo, its said he has 100,000 men in his horde
ned;Season 1;Even a million Dothraki are no threat to the realm, as long as they remain on the other side of the Narrow Sea They have no ships, Robert
robert;Season 1;There are still those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper If the Targaryen boy crosses with a Dothraki horde at his back, the scum will join him
ned;Season 1;He will not cross And if by chance he does, well throw him back into the sea
robert;Season 1;Theres a war coming, Ned I dont know when, I dont know who well be fighting, but its coming -
benjen;Season 1;Sit Youll be fed Untie them
tyrion;Season 1;Rapers They were given a choice no doubt Castration or the Wall Most choose the knife Not impressed by your new brothers? Lovely thing about the Watch You discard your old family and get a whole new one
jon;Season 1;Why do you read so much?
tyrion;Season 1;Look at me and tell me what you see
jon;Season 1;Is this a trick?
tyrion;Season 1;What you see is a dwarf If Id been born a peasant they mightve left me out in the woods to die Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock Things are expected of me My father was the Hand of the King for 20 years
jon;Season 1;Until your brother killed that King
tyrion;Season 1;Yes, until my brother killed him Life is full of these little ironies My sister married the new King and my repulsive nephew will be King after him I must do my part for the honor of my house, wouldnt you agree? But how? Well, my brother has his sword and I have my mind And a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone Thats why I read so much And you? Whats your story, bastard?
jon;Season 1;Ask me nicely and maybe Ill tell you, dwarf
tyrion;Season 1;A bastard boy with nothing to inherit, off to join the ancient order of the Nights Watch, alongside his valiant brothers-in-arms
jon;Season 1;The Nights Watch protects the realm from.
tyrion;Season 1;Yes yes, against grumpkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned you about Youre a smart boy You dont believe that nonsense Everythings better with some wine in the belly -
maester luwin;Season 1;Its time we reviewed the accounts, my lady Youll want to know how much this royal visit has cost us
catelyn;Season 1;Talk to Poole about it
maester luwin;Season 1;Poole went south with Lord Stark, my lady We need a new steward, and there are several other appointments that require our immediate attention.
catelyn;Season 1;I dont care about appointments
robb;Season 1;Ill make the appointments Well talk about it first thing in the morning
maester luwin;Season 1;Very good, my Lord My Lady
robb;Season 1;When was the last time you left this room?
catelyn;Season 1;I have to take care of him
robb;Season 1;Hes not going to die, mother Maester Luwin says the most dangerous time has passed
catelyn;Season 1;What if hes wrong? Bran needs me
robb;Season 1;Rickon needs you Hes six He doesnt know whats happening He follows me around all day, clutching my leg, crying.
catelyn;Season 1;Close the windows! I cant stand it! Please make them stop
robb;Season 1;Fire You stay here Ill come back
assassin;Season 1;Youre not supposed to be here No one is supposed to be here Its a mercy Hes dead already
catelyn;Season 1;No! -
daenerys;Season 1;Have you ever seen a dragon?
irri;Season 1;Dragon gone, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;Everywhere? Even in the east?
irri;Season 1;No dragon Brave men kill them It is known
jhiqui;Season 1;It is known
doreah;Season 1;A trader from Garth told me that dragons come from the moon
daenerys;Season 1;The moon?
doreah;Season 1;He told me the moon was an egg, Khaleesi, that once there were two moons in the sky But one wandered too close to the sun and it cracked from the heat Out of it poured a thousand thousand dragons and they drank the suns fire
irri;Season 1;Moon is no egg Moon is goddess wife of sun It is known
jhiqui;Season 1;It is known
daenerys;Season 1;Leave me with her Why did the trader from Garth tell you these stories?
doreah;Season 1;Men like to talk when theyre happy Before your brother bought me for you, it was my job to make men happy
daenerys;Season 1;How old were you?
doreah;Season 1;I was nine when my mother sold me to the pleasure house
daenerys;Season 1;Nine?
doreah;Season 1;I did not touch a man for three years, Khaleesi First you must learn
daenerys;Season 1;Can you teach me how to make the Khal happy?
doreah;Season 1;Yes
daenerys;Season 1;Will it take three years?
doreah;Season 1;No -
benjen;Season 1;Welcome -
catelyn;Season 1;What I am about to tell you must remain between us I dont think Bran fell from that tower I think he was thrown
maester luwin;Season 1;The boy was always sure-footed before
catelyn;Season 1;Someone tried to kill him twice Why? Why murder an innocent child? Unless he saw something he wasnt meant to see
theon;Season 1;Saw what, my lady?
catelyn;Season 1;I dont know But I would stake my life the Lannisters are involved We already have reason to suspect their loyalty to the crown
rodrick cassel;Season 1;Did you notice the dagger the killer used? Its too fine a weapon for such a man The blade is Valyrian steel, the handle dragonbone Someone gave it to him
robb;Season 1;They come into our home and try to murder my brother? If its war they want.
theon;Season 1;If it comes to that, you know Ill stand behind you
maester luwin;Season 1;What, is there going to be a battle in the Godswood? Too easily words of war become acts of war We dont know the truth yet Lord Stark must be told of this
catelyn;Season 1;I dont trust a raven to carry these words
robb;Season 1;Ill ride to Kings Landing
catelyn;Season 1;No There must always be a Stark in Winterfell I will go myself
robb;Season 1;Mother, you cant
catelyn;Season 1;I must
rodrick cassel;Season 1;Ill send Hal with a squad of guardsmen to escort you
catelyn;Season 1;Too large a party attracts unwanted attention I dont want the Lannisters to know Im coming
rodrick cassel;Season 1;Let me accompany you at least ingsroad can be a dangerous place for a woman alone
robb;Season 1;What about Bran?
catelyn;Season 1;I have prayed to the Seven for more than a month Brans life is in their hands now -
doreah;Season 1;No, Khaleesi You must look in his eyes always Love comes in at the eyes It is said that Irogenia of Lys could finish a man with nothing but her eyes
daenerys;Season 1;Finish a man?
doreah;Season 1;Kings traveled across the world for a night with Irogenia Magisters sold their palaces Khals burned her enemies just to have her for a few hours They say a thousand men proposed to her and she refused them all
daenerys;Season 1;Well, she sounds like an interesting woman I dont think that Drogo will like it with me on top
doreah;Season 1;You will make him like it, Khaleesi Men want what theyve never had And the Dothraki take slaves like a hound takes a bitch Are you a slave, Khaleesi? Then dont make love like a slave Very good, Khaleesi Out there he is the mighty Khal, but in this tent, he belongs to you
daenerys;Season 1;I dont think that this is the Dothraki way
doreah;Season 1;If he wanted the Dothraki way, why did he marry you?
daenerys;Season 1;No No Tonight I would look upon your face -
sansa;Season 1;Pardon me, Ser
sandor clegane;Season 1;Do I frighten you so much, girl? Or is it him there making you shake? He frightens me too Look at that face
sansa;Season 1;Im sorry if I offended you, Ser Why wont he speak to me?
sandor clegane;Season 1;He hasnt been very talkative these last 20 years Since the mad King had his tongue ripped out with hot pincers
joffrey;Season 1;He speaks damn well with his sword though Ser Ilyn Payne, the Kings justice The royal executioner What is it, sweet lady? Does the hound frighten you? Away with you, dog Youre scaring my lady I dont like to see you upset The sun is finally shining Come walk with me
sansa;Season 1;Stay, Lady I probably shouldnt have any more Father only lets us have one cup at feasts
joffrey;Season 1;My princess can drink as much as she wants Dont worry Youre safe with me
mycah;Season 1;Ill get you
sansa;Season 1;Arya
arya;Season 1;What are you doing here? Go away
joffrey;Season 1;Your sister? And who are you, boy?
mycah;Season 1;Mycah, my Lord
sansa;Season 1;He the butchers boy
arya;Season 1;Hes my friend
joffrey;Season 1;A butchers boy who wants to be a Knight, eh? Pick up your sword, butchers boy Lets see how good you are
mycah;Season 1;She asked me to, my Lord She asked me to
joffrey;Season 1;Im your prince, not your lord, and I said pick up your sword
mycah;Season 1;Its not a sword, my prince Its only a stick
joffrey;Season 1;And youre not a Knight Only a butchers boy That was my ladys sister you were hitting, do you know that?
arya;Season 1;Stop it
sansa;Season 1;Arya, stay out of this
joffrey;Season 1;I wont hurt him Much Filthy little bitch
sansa;Season 1;No no, stop it, stop it, both of you Youre spoiling it Youre spoiling everything
joffrey;Season 1;Ill gut you, you little cunt
sansa;Season 1;Arya
arya;Season 1;Nymeria
joffrey;Season 1;Please dont
sansa;Season 1;Arya, leave him alone My prince, my poor prince, look what they did to you Stay here, Ill go back to the inn and bring help
joffrey;Season 1;Then go! Dont touch me -
soldier;Season 1;The wolfs not here Look down by the stream
arya;Season 1;Youve got to go Theyll kill you for what you did to Joffrey Go on run Go! Leave now
soldier;Season 1;Its a direwolf
soldier;Season 1;Ill check down here
soldier;Season 1;I think I heard a noise
arya;Season 1;Go
jory cassel;Season 1;My lord! My lord! They found her Shes unharmed
ned;Season 1;Where is she?
jory cassel;Season 1;Shes been taken directly before the King
ned;Season 1;Who took her?
jory cassel;Season 1;The Lannisters found her
ned;Season 1;Right, get back
jory cassel;Season 1;The Queen ordered them to bring her straight to him
ned;Season 1;Back! Back to the inn All back! -
arya;Season 1;Im sorry
ned;Season 1;Are you hurt?
arya;Season 1;No
ned;Season 1;Its all right What is the meaning of this? Why was my daughter not brought to me at once?
cersei;Season 1;How dare you speak to your King in that manner?
robert;Season 1;Quiet, woman Sorry, Ned I never meant to frighten the girl But we need to get this business done quickly
cersei;Season 1;Your girl and that butchers boy attacked my son That animal of hers nearly tore his arm off
arya;Season 1;Thats not true! She just Bit him a little He was hurting Mycah
cersei;Season 1;Joffrey told us what happened You and that boy beat him with clubs while you set your wolf on him
arya;Season 1;Thats not what happened
joffrey;Season 1;Yes it is! They all attacked me and she threw my sword in the river
arya;Season 1;Liar
joffrey;Season 1;Shut up
robert;Season 1;Enough! He tells me one thing, she tells me another Seven hells! What am I to make of this? Wheres your other daughter, Ned?
ned;Season 1;In bed asleep
cersei;Season 1;Shes not Sansa, come here, darling
robert;Season 1;Now, child Tell me what happened Tell it all and tell it true Its a great crime to lie to a King
sansa;Season 1;I dont know I dont remember Everything happened so fast I didnt see
arya;Season 1;Liar! Liar liar liar
sansa;Season 1;Arya
ned;Season 1;Stop it! Thats enough of that
arya;Season 1;Liar liar liar
ned;Season 1;Stop! Arya
cersei;Season 1;Shes as wild as that animal of hers I want her punished
robert;Season 1;What would you have me do, whip her through the streets? Damn it, children fight Its over
cersei;Season 1;Joffrey will bear these scars for the rest of his life
robert;Season 1;You let that little girl disarm you? See to it that your daughter is disciplined Ill do the same with my son
ned;Season 1;Gladly, your Grace
cersei;Season 1;And what of the direwolf? What of the beast that savaged your son?
robert;Season 1;Id forgot the damned wolf
soldier;Season 1;We found no trace of the direwolf, your Grace
robert;Season 1;So be it
cersei;Season 1;We have another wolf
robert;Season 1;As you will
ned;Season 1;You cant mean it
robert;Season 1;A direwolfs no pet Get her a dog Shell be happier for it
sansa;Season 1;He doesnt mean Lady, does he? No no, not Lady! Lady didnt bite anyone! Shes good
arya;Season 1;Lady wasnt there! You leave her alone
sansa;Season 1;Stop them Dont let them do it Please! It wasnt Lady
ned;Season 1;s this your command your Grace?
cersei;Season 1;Where is the beast?
soldier;Season 1;Chained up outside, your Grace
cersei;Season 1;Ser Ilyn, do me the honor
ned;Season 1;No Jory Take the girls to their rooms If it must be done, then Ill do it myself
cersei;Season 1;Is this some trick?
ned;Season 1;The wolf is of the north She deserves better than a butcher
ned;Season 1;The butchers boy You rode him down?
landing guard;Season 1;Welcome, Lord Stark Grand Maester Pycelle has called a meeting of the Small Council The honor of your presence is requested
ned;Season 1;Get the girls settled in Ill be back in time for supper And, Jory, you go with them
jory cassel;Season 1;Yes, my Lord.King
landing guard;Season 1;If youd like to change into something more appropriate
jaime;Season 1;Thank the gods youre here, Stark About time we had some stern northern leadership
ned;Season 1;Glad to see youre protecting the throne
jaime;Season 1;Sturdy old thing How many kings asses have polished it, I wonder? Whats the line? ing shits and the Hand wipes
ned;Season 1;Very handsome armor Not a scratch on it
jaime;Season 1;I know People have been swinging at me for years, but they always seem to miss
ned;Season 1;Youve chosen your opponents wisely then
jaime;Season 1;I have a knack for it It must be strange for you coming into this room I was standing right here when it happened He was very brave, your brother Your father too They didnt deserve to die like that Nobody deserves to die like that
ned;Season 1;But you just stood there and watched
jaime;Season 1;500 men just stood there and watched All the great knights of the Seven Kingdoms You think anyone said a word, lifted a finger? No, Lord Stark 500 men and this room was silent as a crypt Except for the screams, of course, and the Mad King laughing And later When I watched the Mad King die, I remembered him laughing as your father burned It felt like justice
ned;Season 1;Is that what you tell yourself at night? Youre a servant of justice? That you were avenging my father when you shoved your sword in Aerys Targaryens back?
jaime;Season 1;Tell me If Id stabbed the Mad King in the belly instead of the back, would you admire me more?
ned;Season 1;You served him well, when serving was safe -
varys;Season 1;Lord Stark
ned;Season 1;Lord
varys;Season 1;I was grievously sorry to hear of your troubles on the Kingsroad We are all praying for Prince Joffreys full recovery
ned;Season 1;A shame you didnt say a prayer for the butchers son Renly! Youre looking well
renly;Season 1;And you look tired from the road I told them this meeting could wait another day, but.
littlefinger;Season 1;But we have a Kingdom to look after Ive hoped to meet you for some time, Lord Stark No doubt Lady Catelyn has mentioned me
ned;Season 1;She has, Lord Baelish I understand you knew my brother Brandon as well
littlefinger;Season 1;All too well I still carry a token of his esteem from navel to collarbone
ned;Season 1;Perhaps you chose the wrong man to duel with
littlefinger;Season 1;It wasnt the man that I chose, my Lord It was Catelyn Tully A woman worth fighting for, Im sure youll agree
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;I humbly beg your pardon, my Lord Stark
ned;Season 1;Grand Maester
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;How many years has it been? You were a young man
ned;Season 1;And you served another King
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;How forgetful of me This belongs to you, now Should we begin?
ned;Season 1;Without the King?
renly;Season 1;Winter may be coming, but Im afraid the same cannot be said for my brother
varys;Season 1;His Grace has many cares He entrusts some small matters to us that we might lighten the load
littlefinger;Season 1;We are the lords of small matters here
renly;Season 1;My brother instructs us to stage a tournament in honor of Lord Starks appointment as Hand of the King
littlefinger;Season 1;Mmm, how much?
ned;Season 1;40,000 gold dragons to the champion, 20,000 to the runner-up, 20,000 to the winning archer
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Can the treasury bear such expense?
littlefinger;Season 1;Ill have to borrow it The Lannisters will accommodate, I expect We already owe Lord Tywin 3 million gold Whats another 80,000?
ned;Season 1;Are you telling me the Crown is three million in debt?
littlefinger;Season 1;Im telling you the Crown is six million in debt
ned;Season 1;How could you let this happen?
littlefinger;Season 1;The Master of Coin finds the money ing and the Hand spend it
ned;Season 1;I will not believe Jon Arryn allowed Robert to bankrupt the realm
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Lord Arryn gave wise and prudent advice, but I fear His Grace doesnt always listen
renly;Season 1;Counting coppers, he calls it
ned;Season 1;Ill speak to him tomorrow This tournament is an extravagance we cannot afford
littlefinger;Season 1;As you will But still, wed best make our plans
ned;Season 1;There will be no plans until I speak to Robert Forgive me, my Lords I had a long ride
varys;Season 1;You are the Kings Hand, Lord Stark, we serve at your pleasure -
cersei;Season 1;Please, its nearly healed
joffrey;Season 1;Its ugly
cersei;Season 1;A King should have scars, you fought off a direwolf Youre a warrior like your father
joffrey;Season 1;Im not like him I didnt fight off anything It bit me and all I did was scream And the two Stark girls saw it, both of them
cersei;Season 1;Thats not true You killed the beast You only spared the girl because of the love your father bears her father When Aerys Targaryen sat on the Iron Throne, your father was a rebel and a traitor Someday youll sit on the throne and the truth will be what you make it
joffrey;Season 1;Do I have to marry her?
cersei;Season 1;Yes Shes very beautiful and young If you dont like her, you only need to see her on formal occasions and when the time comes, to make little princes and princesses And if youd rather fuck painted whores, youll fuck painted whores And if youd rather lie with noble virgins, so be it You are my darling boy and the world will be exactly as you want it to be Do something nice for the Stark girl
joffrey;Season 1;I dont want to
cersei;Season 1;No, but you will The occasional kindness will spare you all sorts of trouble down the road
joffrey;Season 1;We allow the northerners too much power They consider themselves our equals
cersei;Season 1;How would you handle them?
joffrey;Season 1;Id double their taxes and command them to supply 10,000 men to the royal army
cersei;Season 1;A royal army?
joffrey;Season 1;Why should every lord command his own men? Its primitive, no better than the hill tribes We should have a standing army of men loyal to the Crown, trained by experienced soldiers Instead of a mob of peasants whove never held pikes in their lives
cersei;Season 1;And if the northerners rebel?
joffrey;Season 1;Id crush them Seize Winterfell and install someone loyal to the realm as Warden of the North Uncle Kevan, maybe
cersei;Season 1;And these 10,000 northern troops, would they fight for you or their lord?
joffrey;Season 1;For me Im their King
cersei;Season 1;But youve just invaded their homeland, asked them to kill their brothers
joffrey;Season 1;Im not asking
cersei;Season 1;The North cannot be held not by an outsider Its too big and too wild When the winter comes, the Seven gods together couldnt save you and your royal army A good King knows when to save his strength And when to destroy his enemies
joffrey;Season 1;So you agree The Starks are enemies?
cersei;Season 1;Everyone who isnt us is an enemy -
septa mordane;Season 1;Enough of that, young lady Eat your food
arya;Season 1;Im practicing
sansa;Season 1;Practicing for what?
arya;Season 1;The Prince
septa mordane;Season 1;Arya, stop
arya;Season 1;Hes a liar and a coward and he killed my friend
sansa;Season 1;The Hound killed your friend
arya;Season 1;The Hound does whatever the Prince tells him to do
sansa;Season 1;Youre an idiot
arya;Season 1;Youre a liar And if you told the truth, Mycah would be alive
septa mordane;Season 1;Enough
ned;Season 1;Whats happening here?
septa mordane;Season 1;Arya would rather act like a beast than a lady
ned;Season 1;Go to your room Well speak later Thats for you, love
ned;Season 1;The same dollmaker makes all of Princess Myrcellas toys Dont you like it?
sansa;Season 1;I havent played with dolls since I was eight May I be excused?
septa mordane;Season 1;Youve barely eaten a thing
ned;Season 1;Its all right Go on
ned;Season 1;War was easier than daughters
arya;Season 1;Go away
ned;Season 1;Arya, open the door May I come in? Whose sword is that?
arya;Season 1;Mine
ned;Season 1;Give it to me I know this makers mark This is Mikkens work Where did you get this? This is no toy Little ladies shouldnt play with swords
arya;Season 1;I wasnt playing And I dont want to be a lady
ned;Season 1;Come here Now what do you want with this?
arya;Season 1;Its called Needle
ned;Season 1;A blade with a name And who were you hoping to skewer with Needle? Your sister? Do you know the first thing about sword fighting?
arya;Season 1;Stick em with the pointy end
ned;Season 1;Thats the essence of it
arya;Season 1;I was trying to learn I asked Mycah to practice with me I asked him It was my fault
ned;Season 1;No, sweet girl You didnt kill the butchers boy
arya;Season 1;I hate them! I hate all of them The Hound, the Queen and the King and Joffrey and Sansa
ned;Season 1;Sansa was dragged before the King and Queen And asked to call the Prince a liar
arya;Season 1;So was I! He is a liar
ned;Season 1;Darling, listen to me Sansa will be married to Joffrey someday She cannot betray him She must take his side even when hes wrong
arya;Season 1;But how you can let her marry someone like that?
ned;Season 1;Well Look at me Youre a Stark of Winterfell You know our words
arya;Season 1;Winter is coming
ned;Season 1;You were born in the long summer Youve never known anything else But now winter is truly coming And in the winter, we must protect ourselves, look after one another Sansa is your sister
arya;Season 1;I dont hate her Not really
ned;Season 1;I dont want to frighten you, but I wont lie to you either Weve come to a dangerous place We cannot fight a war amongst ourselves All right? Go on Its yours
arya;Season 1;I can keep it?
ned;Season 1;Try not to stab your sister with it If youre going to own a sword, youd better know how to use it -
old nan;Season 1;Dont listen to it Crows are all liars I know a story about a crow
bran;Season 1;I hate your stories
old nan;Season 1;I know a story about a boy who hated stories I could tell you about Ser Duncan the Tall Those were always your favorites
bran;Season 1;Those werent my favorites My favorites were the scary ones
old nan;Season 1;Oh, my sweet summer child What do you know about fear? Fear is for the winter, when the snows fall a hundred feet deep Fear is for the long night, when the sun hides for years and children are born and live and die all in darkness That is the time for fear, my little Lord, when the White Walkers move through the woods Thousands of years ago there came a night that lasted a generation Kings froze to death in their castles, same as the shepherds in their huts And women smothered their babies rather than see them starve, and wept and felt the tears freeze on their cheeks So is this the sort of story that you like? In that darkness, the White Walkers came for the first time They swept through cities and kingdoms, riding their dead horses, hunting with their packs of pale spiders big as hounds
robb;Season 1;What are you telling him now?
old nan;Season 1;Only what the little Lord wants to hear
robb;Season 1;Get your supper I want some time with him One time she told me the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant named Macumber
bran;Season 1;Maybe we do
robb;Season 1;How do you feel? You still dont remember anything? Ive seen you climb a thousand times In the wind, in the rain A thousand times You never fall
bran;Season 1;I did though Its true, isnt it what Maester Luwin says about my legs? Id rather be dead
robb;Season 1;Dont ever say that
bran;Season 1;Id rather be dead -
rodrick cassel;Season 1;Fewer eyes back here, my Lady But still too many
catelyn;Season 1;Its nine years since Ive set foot in the capital And no one knew who I was the last time I came either
rodrick cassel;Season 1;My Lady
guard;Season 1;Welcome to Kings Landing, Lady Stark Would you mind following us?
catelyn;Season 1;I would Weve done nothing wrong
guard;Season 1;Weve been instructed to escort you into the city
catelyn;Season 1;Instructed? I dont know whos providing your instructions, but.
guard;Season 1;Follow me, Lady Stark
littlefinger;Season 1;Cat! Go on Go upstairs
catelyn;Season 1;You little worm! You take me for some back-alley Sally you can drag into a
littlefinger;Season 1;I meant no disrespect to you of all people
catelyn;Season 1;How dare you bring me here! Have you lost your mind?
littlefinger;Season 1;No one will come looking for you here Isnt that what like you wanted? Im truly sorry about the locale
catelyn;Season 1;How did you know I was coming to Kings Landing?
littlefinger;Season 1;A dear friend told me
varys;Season 1;Lady Stark
catelyn;Season 1;Lord
varys;Season 1;To see you again after so many years is a blessing Your poor hands
catelyn;Season 1;How did you know I was coming?
varys;Season 1;Knowledge is my trade, my Lady Did you bring the dagger with you, by any chance? My little birds are everywhere Even in the north They whisper to me the strangest stories Valyrian steel
catelyn;Season 1;Do you know whose dagger this is?
varys;Season 1;I must admit I do not
littlefinger;Season 1;Well well, this is an historic day Something you dont know that I do Theres only one dagger like this in all of the Seven Kingdoms Its mine
catelyn;Season 1;Yours?
littlefinger;Season 1;At least it was, until the tournament on Prince Joffreys last nameday I bet on Ser Jaime in the jousting, as any sane man would When the Knight of the Flowers unseated him, I lost this dagger
catelyn;Season 1;To whom?
littlefinger;Season 1;Tyrion Lannister The Imp -
alliser thorne;Season 1;If that were a real sword, youd be dead Lord Snow here grew up in a castle spitting down on the likes of you Pyp Do you think Ned Starks bastard bleeds like the rest of us?
alliser thorne;Season 1;Next
alliser thorne;Season 1;Next
alliser thorne;Season 1;Lord Snow, it appears youre the least useless person here Go clean yourselves up Theres only so much I can stomach in a day
tyrion;Season 1;A charming man
jeor;Season 1;I dont need him to be charming I need him to turn this bunch of thieves and runaways into men of the Nights Watch
tyrion;Season 1;And hows that going, Commander Mormont?
jeor;Season 1;Slowly A raven came for Ned Starks son
tyrion;Season 1;Good news or bad?
jeor;Season 1;Both -
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Lord Stark I meant to give you this earlier So forgetful these days A raven from Winterfell this morning
littlefinger;Season 1;Good news? Perhaps youd like to share it with your wife?
ned;Season 1;My wife is in Winterfell
littlefinger;Season 1;Is she?
littlefinger;Season 1;I thought that shed be safest in here One of several such establishments I own
ned;Season 1;Youre a funny man A very funny man
catelyn;Season 1;Ned
littlefinger;Season 1;The Starks Quick tempers, slow minds -
grenn;Season 1;You broke my nose, bastard
jon;Season 1;Its an improvement
grenn;Season 1;If we threw you over the Wall, wonder how long itd take you to hit
pyp;Season 1;I wonder if theyd find you before the wolves did
grenn;Season 1;Whatre you looking at, halfman?
tyrion;Season 1;Im looking at you Youve got an interesting face Very distinctive faces All of you
rast;Season 1;What do you care about our faces?
tyrion;Season 1;Its just I think they would look marvelous decorating spikes in Kings Landing Perhaps Ill write my sister, the Queen, about it
grenn;Season 1;Well talk later, Lord Snow
jon;Season 1;Everybody knew what this place was and no one told me No one but you My father knew and left me to rot here at the Wall all the same
tyrion;Season 1;Grenns father left him too Outside a farmhouse when he was three Pyp was caught stealing a wheel of cheese His little sister hadnt eaten in three days He was given a choice his right hand or the Wall Ive been asking the Lord Commander about them Fascinating stories
jon;Season 1;They hate me because Im better than they are
tyrion;Season 1;Its a lucky thing none of them were trained by a master-at-arms like your Ser Rodrik I dont imagine any of them have ever held a real sword before they came here Your brother Bran Hes woken up -
littlefinger;Season 1;The mere suggestion that the Queens brother tried to kill your boy would be considered treason
catelyn;Season 1;We have proof We have the blade
littlefinger;Season 1;Which Lord Tyrion will say was stolen from him The only man who could say otherwise has no throat, thanks to your boys wolf
catelyn;Season 1;Petyr has promised to help us find the truth Hes like a little brother to me He would never betray my trust
littlefinger;Season 1;Ill try to keep you alive, for her sake A fools task, admittedly, but Ive never been able to refuse your wife anything
catelyn;Season 1;I wont forget this Youre a true friend
littlefinger;Season 1;Dont tell anyone I have a reputation to maintain -
cersei;Season 1;How could you be so stupid?
jaime;Season 1;Calm down
cersei;Season 1;Hes a child 10 years old What were you thinking?
jaime;Season 1;I was thinking of us Youre a bit late to start complaining about it now What has the boy told them?
cersei;Season 1;Nothing Hes said nothing He remembers nothing
jaime;Season 1;Then what are you raving about?
cersei;Season 1;What if it comes back to him? If he tells his father what he saw.
jaime;Season 1;Well say he was lying Well say he was dreaming Well say whatever we like I think we can outfox a 10-year-old
cersei;Season 1;And my husband?
jaime;Season 1;Ill go to war with him if I have to They can write a ballad about us The War for Cerseis Cunt
cersei;Season 1;Let me go
jaime;Season 1;Never
cersei;Season 1;Let me go
jaime;Season 1;The boy wont talk And if he does, Ill kill him Him, Ned Stark, the King the whole bloody lot of them, until you and I are the only people left in this world -
catelyn;Season 1;I wish I could see the girls
ned;Season 1;Its too dangerous
catelyn;Season 1;Just for a moment
ned;Season 1;Until we know who our enemies are.
catelyn;Season 1;I know they did it, Ned The Lannisters In my bones, I know it
ned;Season 1;Littlefingers right I cant do anything without proof
cersei;Season 1;And if you find the proof?
ned;Season 1;Then I bring it to Robert And hope hes still the man I once knew You watch yourself on the road, huh? That temper of yours is a dangerous thing
catelyn;Season 1;My temper? Gods be good, you nearly killed poor Littlefinger yesterday
ned;Season 1;He still loves you
catelyn;Season 1;Does he?
ned;Season 1;Off with you -
robert;Season 1;Its been a long time But I still remember every face You remember your first?
barristan selmy;Season 1;Of course, your Grace
robert;Season 1;Who was it?
barristan selmy;Season 1;A Tyroshi Never learned the name
robert;Season 1;Howd you do it?
barristan selmy;Season 1;Lance through the heart
robert;Season 1;Quick one Lucky for you Mine was some Tarly boy at the Battle of Summerhall My horse took an arrow so I was on foot, slogging through the mud He came running at me, this dumb high-born lad, thinking he could end the rebellion with the single swing of his sword I knocked him down with the hammer Gods, I was strong then Caved in his breastplate Probably shattered every rib he had Stood over him, hammer in the air Right before I brought it down he shouted, Wait! Wait! They never tell you how they all shit themselves They dont put that part in the songs Stupid boy Now the Tarlys bend the knee like everyone else He could have lingered on the edge of the battle with the smart boys and today his wife would be making him miserable, his sons would be ingrates, and hed be waking three times in the night to piss into a bowl Wine! Lancel Gods, what a stupid name Who named you? Some halfwit with a stutter? What are you doing?
lancel;Season 1;Its empty, your Grace
robert;Season 1;What do you mean its empty?
lancel;Season 1;Theres no more wine
robert;Season 1;Is that what empty means?! So get more Tell your cousin to get in here Kingslayer! Get in here Surrounded by Lannisters Every time I close my eyes I see their blond hair and their smug, satisfied faces It must wound your pride, huh? Standing out there like a glorified sentry , son of the mighty Tywin Forced to mind the door while your King eats and drinks and shits and fucks So come on Were telling war stories Who was your first kill, not counting old men?
jaime;Season 1;One of the outlaws in the Brotherhood
barristan selmy;Season 1;I was there that day You were only a squire, 16 years old
jaime;Season 1;You killed Simon Toyne with a counter riposte Best move I ever saw
barristan selmy;Season 1;A good fighter, Toyne, but he lacked stamina
robert;Season 1;Your outlaw Any last words?
jaime;Season 1;I cut his head off, so no
robert;Season 1;What about Aerys Targaryen? What did the Mad King say when you stabbed him in the back? I never asked Did he call you a traitor? Did he plead for a reprieve?
jaime;Season 1;He said the same thing hed been saying for hours Burn them all If thats all, your Grace -
;Season 1;Do the Dothrakis buy their slaves?
jorah;Season 1;The Dothraki dont believe in money Most of their slaves were given to them as gifts
daenerys;Season 1;From whom?
jorah;Season 1;If you rule a city and you see the horde approaching, you have two choices pay tribute or fight An easy choice for most Of course, sometimes its not enough Sometimes a Khal feels insulted by the number of slaves hes given He might think the men too weak or the women too ugly Sometimes a Khal decides his riders havent had a good fight in months and need the practice
daenerys;Season 1;Tell them all to stop
jorah;Season 1;You want the entire horde to stop? For how long?
daenerys;Season 1;Until I command them otherwise
jorah;Season 1;Youre learning to talk like a Queen
daenerys;Season 1;Not a Queen A Khaleesi
viserys;Season 1;You dare! You give commands to me? To me? You do not command the dragon I am Lord of the Seven Kingdoms I dont take orders from savages or their sluts Do you hear me?
irri;Season 1;Rakharo ask if you want him dead, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;No
irri;Season 1;Rakharo say you should take ear, to teach respect
daenerys;Season 1;Please please, dont hurt him Tell him I dont want my brother harmed
viserys;Season 1;Kill these Dothraki dogs! I am your King
jorah;Season 1;Shall we return to the Khalasar, Khaleesi?
rakharo;Season 1;You walk -
benjen;Season 1;I wanted to be here when you saw it for the first time Im leaving this morning
jon;Season 1;Youre leaving?
benjen;Season 1;Im the First Ranger My job is out there There have been disturbing reports
jon;Season 1;What kind of reports?
benjen;Season 1;The kind I dont want to believe
jon;Season 1;m ready I wont let you down
benjen;Season 1;Youre not going Youre no ranger, Jon
jon;Season 1;But Im better than every.
benjen;Season 1;Better than no one! Here A man gets what he earns, when he earns it Well speak when I return -
yoren;Season 1;A bears balls
tyrion;Season 1;Youre joking?
yoren;Season 1;And his brains and his guts, his lungs and his heart all fried in his own fat When youre a hundred miles north of the Wall and you ate your last meal a week ago, you leave nothing for the wolves
tyrion;Season 1;And how do a bears balls taste?
yoren;Season 1;A bit chewy And what about you, my Lord? Whats the strangest thing youve eaten?
tyrion;Season 1;Do Dornish girls count? So you roam the Seven Kingdoms, collaring pickpockets and horse thieves and bringing them here as eager recruits?
yoren;Season 1;But its not all of ems done bad things Some of ems just poor lads looking for steady feed Some of ems high-born lads looking for glory
tyrion;Season 1;They have a better chance finding feed than glory
benjen;Season 1;The Nights Watch is a joke to you, is it? Is that what we are, Lannister? An army of jesters in black?
tyrion;Season 1;You dont have enough men to be an army and aside from Yoren here, none of you are particularly funny
benjen;Season 1;I hope weve provided you with some good stories to tell when youre back in Kings Landing But something to think about while youre drinking your wine down there, enjoying your brothels Half the boys youve seen training will die north of the Wall Might be a wildings axe that gets them, might be sickness, might just be the cold They die in pain And they do it so plump little lords like you can enjoy their summer afternoons in peace and comfort
tyrion;Season 1;Do you think Im plump? Listen, Benjen May I call you Benjen?
benjen;Season 1;Call me what you like
tyrion;Season 1;Im not sure what Ive done to offend you I have great admiration for the Nights Watch Ive great admiration for you as First Ranger
benjen;Season 1;You know, my brother once told me that nothing someone says before the word but really counts
tyrion;Season 1;But I dont believe that giants and ghouls and White Walkers are lurking beyond the Wall I believe that the only difference between us and the wildlings is that when the Wall went up, our ancestors happened to live on the right side of it
benjen;Season 1;Youre right The wildlings are no different from us A little rougher maybe But theyre made of meat and bone I know how to track them and I know how to kill them Its not the wildlings giving me sleepless nights Youve never been north of the Wall, so dont tell me whats out there
yoren;Season 1;Are you going below? Keep well, keep warm
benjen;Season 1;Enjoy the capital, brother
yoren;Season 1;I always do
tyrion;Season 1;I think hes starting to like me Going below ?
yoren;Season 1;Into the tunnel and out the other side Hell be north of the Wall for a month or two
tyrion;Season 1;So youre heading down to Kings Landing too
yoren;Season 1;Day after tomorrow I get about half of my recruits from their dungeons
tyrion;Season 1;Lets share the road I could use some decent company
yoren;Season 1;I travel a bit on the grubby side, my Lord
tyrion;Season 1;Not this time Well be staying at the finest castles and inns No one turns away a Lannister -
irri;Season 1;Yes, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;What are you doing?
irri;Season 1;When was last time you bleed, Khaleesi? You change, Khaleesi It’s a blessing from the Great Stallion
jorah;Season 1;For a man on horseback, the curved blade is a good thing, easier to handle Its a good weapon for a Dothrakan But a man in full plate the arakh wont get through the steel Thats where the broadsword has the advantage Designed for piercing plate
rakharo;Season 1;Dothraki don’t wear steel dresses
jorah;Season 1;Armor
rakharo;Season 1;Armor Armor make a man Vroz?
jorah;Season 1;Slow
rakharo;Season 1;Slow
jorah;Season 1;Its true, but it also keeps a man alive
rakharo;Season 1;My father taught me how to fight He taught me that speed defeats size
jorah;Season 1;I’ve heard that your father was a famous warrior
rakharo;Season 1;He was bloodrider to Khal Bharbo And your father, Jorah the Andal? He was a warrior also?
jorah;Season 1;He still is A man of great honor And I betrayed him
irri;Season 1;haleesi wants to eat something different tonight Kill some rabbits
rakharo;Season 1;There are no rabbits
irri;Season 1;Find some ducks, she likes ducks
rakharo;Season 1;Have you seen any ducks, woman? No rabbits, no ducks Do you have eyes in your head? Do you?
irri;Season 1;Dog then I have seen many dogs
jorah;Season 1;I dont think she wants to eat dog
irri;Season 1;haleesi have baby inside her It is true She does not bleed for two moons Her belly start to swell
rakharo;Season 1;A blessing from the Great Stallion
irri;Season 1;She does not want to eat horse
jorah;Season 1;Ill have the boys butcher a goat for supper I need to ride to Qohor
rhakaro;Season 1;We ride for Vaes Dothrak
jorah;Season 1;Dont worry Ill catch you The hordes easy to find -
jon;Season 1;Dont stand so still Its harder to hit a moving target Except for you You move too much I could just hold my sword out and let you do the work for me
maester aemon;Season 1;How many winters have you seen, Lord Tyrion?
tyrion;Season 1;Eight no, nine
maester aemon;Season 1;All of them brief?
tyrion;Season 1;They say the winter of my birth was three years long,
maester aemon;Season 1;This summer has lasted nine But reports from the Citadel tell us the days grow shorter The Starks are always right eventually winter is coming This one will be long and dark things will come with it
jeor;Season 1;Weve been capturing wildlings, more every month Theyre fleeing south The ones who flee say theyve seen the White Walkers
tyrion;Season 1;Yes, and the fishermen of Lannisport say they see mermaids
jeor;Season 1;One of our own rangers swore he saw them kill his companions He swore it right up to the moment Ned Stark chopped his head off
maester aemon;Season 1;The Nights Watch is the only thing standing between the realm and what lies beyond And it has become an army of undisciplined boys and tired old men There are less than a thousand of us now We cant man the other castles on the Wall We cant properly patrol the wilderness Weve barely enough resources to keep our lads armed and fed
jeor;Season 1;Your sister sits by the side of the King Tell her we need help
maester aemon;Season 1;When winter does come, gods help us all if were not ready -
daenerys;Season 1;It’s a boy
khal drogo;Season 1;How do you know?
daenerys;Season 1;I know -
jon;Season 1;Im sorry to see you leave, Lannister
tyrion;Season 1;Its either me or this cold And it doesnt appear to be going anywhere
jon;Season 1;Will you stop at Winterfell on your way South?
tyrion;Season 1;I expect I will Gods know there arent many feather beds between here and Kings Landing
jon;Season 1;If you see my brother Bran, tell him I miss him Tell him Id visit if I could
tyrion;Season 1;Of course
jon;Season 1;Hell never walk again
tyrion;Season 1;If youre going to be a cripple, its better to be a rich cripple Take care, Snow
jon;Season 1;Farewell, My Lord -
syrio forel;Season 1;You are late, boy Tomorrow you will be here at midday
arya;Season 1;Who are you?
syrio forel;Season 1;Your dancing master
syrio forel;Season 1;Tomorrow you will catch it Now pick it up That is not the way, boy This is not a great sword that is needing two hands to swing it
arya;Season 1;Its too heavy
syrio forel;Season 1;It is heavy as it needs to be to make you strong Just so One hand is all that is needed Now you are standing all wrong Turn your body side-face So You are skinny That is good The target is smaller Now the grip Let me see The grip must be delicate
arya;Season 1;What if I drop it?
syrio forel;Season 1;The steel must be part of your arm Can you drop part of your arm? No Nine years Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos He knows these things You must listen to me, boy
arya;Season 1;Im a girl
syrio forel;Season 1;Boy, girl You are a sword, that is all That is the grip You are not holding a battle-axe You are holding.
arya;Season 1;A needle
syrio forel;Season 1;Ahhh Just so Now we will begin the dance Remember, child, this is not the dance of the Westeros we are learning The knights dance, hacking and hammering This is the Bravos dance The water dance It is swift and sudden All men are made of water, do you know this? If you pierce them, the water leaks out and they die Now you will try to strike me
old nan;Season 1;The little Lords been dreaming again
theon;Season 1;We have visitors
bran;Season 1;I dont want to see anyone
theon;Season 1;Really? If I was cooped up all day with no one but this old bat for company, Id go mad Anyway, you dont have a choice Robbs waiting
bran;Season 1;I dont want to go
theon;Season 1;Neither do I But Robbs Lord of Winterfell, which means I do what he says and you do what I say Hodor! Help Bran down the hall
tyrion;Season 1;I must say I received a slightly warmer welcome on my last visit
robb;Season 1;Any man of the Nights Watch is welcome at Winterfell
tyrion;Season 1;Any man of the Nights Watch, but not I, eh, boy?
robb;Season 1;Im not your boy, Lannister Im Lord of Winterfell while my father is away
tyrion;Season 1;Then you might learn a lords courtesy
tyrion;Season 1;So its true Hello Bran Do you remember anything about what happened?
maester luwin;Season 1;He has no memory of that day
tyrion;Season 1;Curious
robb;Season 1;Why are you here?
tyrion;Season 1;Would your charming companion be so kind as to kneel? My neck is beginning to hurt
bran;Season 1;Kneel, Hodor
tyrion;Season 1;Do you like to ride, Bran?
bran;Season 1;Yes Well, I mean I did like to
maester luwin;Season 1;The boy has lost the use of his legs
tyrion;Season 1;What of it? With the right horse and saddle, even a cripple can ride
bran;Season 1;Im not a cripple
tyrion;Season 1;Then Im not a dwarf My father will rejoice to hear it I have a gift for you Give that to your saddler Hell provide the rest You must shape the horse to the rider Start with a yearling and teach it to respond to the reins and to the boys voice
bran;Season 1;Will I really be able to ride?
tyrion;Season 1;You will On horseback you will be as tall as any of them
robb;Season 1;Is this some kind of trick? Why do you want to help him?
tyrion;Season 1;I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things
robb;Season 1;Youve done my brother a kindness The hospitality of Winterfell is yours
tyrion;Season 1;Spare me your false courtesies, Lord Stark Theres a brothel outside your walls There Ill find a bed and both of us can sleep easier
theon;Season 1;Couldnt resist some northern ass? If you like redheads, ask for Ros
tyrion;Season 1;Come to see me off, Greyjoy? Kind of you Your master doesnt seem to like Lannisters
theon;Season 1;Hes not my master
tyrion;Season 1;No, of course not What happened here? Where is lady Stark? Why didnt she receive me?
theon;Season 1;She wasnt feeling well
tyrion;Season 1;Shes not in Winterfell, is she? Where did she go?
theon;Season 1;My ladys whereabouts.
tyrion;Season 1;My lady? Your loyalty to your captors is touching Tell me, how do you think Balon Greyjoy would feel if he could see his only surviving son has turned lackey? I still remember seeing my fathers fleet burn in Lannisport I believe your uncles were responsible?
theon;Season 1;Must have been a pretty sight
tyrion;Season 1;Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive Yes, a great victory for your people Shame how it all turned out
theon;Season 1;We were outnumbered 10 to one
tyrion;Season 1;A stupid rebellion then I suppose your father realized that when your brothers died in battle Now here you are, your enemys squire
theon;Season 1;Careful, Imp
tyrion;Season 1;Ive offended you Forgive me, its been a rough morning Anyway, dont despair Im a constant disappointment to my own father and Ive learned to live with it Your next tumble with Ros is on me Ill try not to wear her out -
jon;Season 1;Leg, shoulder, leg Left foot forward Good Now pivot as you deliver the stroke Put all your weight behind it
grenn;Season 1;What in seven hells is that?
pyp;Season 1;Theyll need an eighth hell to fit him in
alliser thorne;Season 1;Tell them your name
sam;Season 1;Samwell Tarly, of Horn Hill I mean, I was of Horn Hill Ive come to take the black
rast;Season 1;Come to take the black pudding
alliser thorne;Season 1;Well, you couldnt be any worse than you look See what he can do
sam;Season 1;I yield Please, no more
alliser thorne;Season 1;On your feet Pick up your sword Hit him till he finds his feet It seems theyve run short of poachers and thieves down south Now they send us squealing bloody pigs Again, harder
jon;Season 1;Enough! He yielded
alliser thorne;Season 1;Looks like the bastards in love All right then, lord Snow, you wish to defend your lady love, lets make it an exercise You two Three of you ought to be sufficient to make lady piggy squeal All youve got to do is get past the bastard
jon;Season 1;Are you sure you want to do this?
grenn;Season 1;No Yield yield yield! I yield
alliser thorne;Season 1;Were done for today Go clean the armory Thats all youre good for
pyp;Season 1;Well fought
grenn;Season 1;Piss off
sam;Season 1;Did he hurt you?
jon;Season 1;Ive had worse
sam;Season 1;You can call me Sam If you want My mother calls me Sam
jon;Season 1;Its not going to get any easier, you know? Youll have to defend yourself
grenn;Season 1;Why didnt you get up and fight?
sam;Season 1;I wanted to I just couldnt
grenn;Season 1;Why not?
sam;Season 1;Im a coward My father always says so
jon;Season 1;The Walls no place for cowards
sam;Season 1;Youre right Im sorry I just Wanted to thank you
grenn;Season 1;A bloody coward People saw us talking to him Now theyll think were cowards too
pyp;Season 1;Youre too stupid to be a coward
grenn;Season 1;Youre too stupid to be a.
pyp;Season 1;Quick now, before summers over
grenn;Season 1;Come on here! -
jorah;Season 1;Vaes Dothrak The city of the horselords
viserys;Season 1;A pile of mud Mud and shit and twigs best these savages can do
daenerys;Season 1;These are my people now You shouldnt call them savages
viserys;Season 1;Ill call them what I like, because theyre my people This is my army Khal Drogo is marching the wrong way with my army
daenerys;Season 1;If my brother was given an army of Dothraki, could you conquer the Seven Kingdoms?
jorah;Season 1;The Dothraki have never crossed the Narrow Sea They fear any water their horses cant drink
daenerys;Season 1;But if they did?
jorah;Season 1;King Robert is fool enough to meet them in open battle, but the men advising him are different
daenerys;Season 1;And you know these men?
jorah;Season 1;I fought beside them once, long ago Now Ned Stark wants my head He drove me from my land
daenerys;Season 1;You sold slaves
jorah;Season 1;Aye
daenerys;Season 1;Why?
jorah;Season 1;I had no money and an expensive wife
daenerys;Season 1;And where is she now?
jorah;Season 1;In another place, with another man -
doreah;Season 1;Your Grace?
viserys;Season 1;Yes, my dear?
doreah;Season 1;They call you the last dragon.
viserys;Season 1;They do
doreah;Season 1;You have dragons blood in your veins?
viserys;Season 1;Its entirely possible
doreah;Season 1;What happened to the dragons? I was told that brave men killed them all
viserys;Season 1;The brave men didnt kill dragons The brave men rode them Rode them from Valyria to build the greatest civilization this world has ever seen The breath of the greatest dragon forged the Iron Throne, which the Usurper is keeping warm for me The swords of the vanquished, a thousand of them melted together like so many candles
doreah;Season 1;I have always wanted to see a dragon There is nothing in the world that I would rather see
viserys;Season 1;Really? Why dragons?
doreah;Season 1;They can fly And wherever they are, just a few flaps of their wings and theyre somewhere else Far away And they can kill Anyone or anything that tries to hurt them gets burned away to nothing melted like so many candles Seeing a dragon would make me very happy
viserys;Season 1;Well, after 15 years in a pleasure house, I imagine just seeing the sky makes you happy
doreah;Season 1;I was not locked in I have seen things
viserys;Season 1;What have you seen?
doreah;Season 1;Ive seen A man from Asshai with a dagger of real dragonglass Ive seen a man who could change his face the way that other men change their clothes And Ive seen a pirate who wore his weight in gold and whose ship had sails of colored silk So Have you seen one?
viserys;Season 1;A pirate ship?
doreah;Season 1;A dragon
viserys;Season 1;No, the last one died many years before I was born Ill tell you what I have seen their skulls They used to decorate the throne room in the Red Keep When I was very young, just 3 or 4, my father used to walk me down the rows and Id recite their names for him When I got them all right, hed give me a sweet The ones closest to the door were the last ones they were able to hatch and they were all stunted and wrong Skulls no bigger than dog skulls But as you got closer to the Iron Throne They got bigger and bigger and bigger There was Ghiscar and Valryon, Vermithrax, Essovius, Archonel, Meraxes, Vhagar And Balerion the Dread whose fire forged the Seven Kingdoms into one
doreah;Season 1;What happened to the skulls?
viserys;Season 1;I dont know The Usurper had them smashed to powder, I expect Scattered to the wind
doreah;Season 1;Thats very sad
viserys;Season 1;Yes, it is What did I buy you for? To make me sad?
doreah;Season 1;No, your Grace To teach your sister
viserys;Season 1;To teach my sister how to be a better lover? You think I bought you to make Khal Drogo happy? You pretty little idiot Go on then Get on with it -
septa mordane;Season 1;Someday your husband will sit there and you will sit by his side And one day, before too long, you will present your son to the court All the lords of Westeros will gather here to see the little prince.
sansa;Season 1;What if I have a girl?
septa mordane;Season 1;Gods be good, youll have boys and girls and plenty of them
sansa;Season 1;What if I only have girls?
septa mordane;Season 1;I wouldnt worry about that
sansa;Season 1;Jeyne Pooles mother had five children, all of them girls
septa mordane;Season 1;Yes, but its highly unlikely
sansa;Season 1;But what if?
septa mordane;Season 1;If you only had girls, I suppose the throne would pass to Prince Joffreys little brother
sansa;Season 1;And everyone would hate me
septa mordane;Season 1;Nobody could ever hate you
sansa;Season 1;Joffrey does
septa mordane;Season 1;Nonsense Why would you say such a thing? That business with the wolves? Ive told you a hundred times A direwolf is not.
sansa;Season 1;Please shut up about it
septa mordane;Season 1;Do you remember your lessons? Who built the Iron Throne?
sansa;Season 1;Aegon the Conqueror
septa mordane;Season 1;And who built the Red Keep?
sansa;Season 1;Maegor the Cruel
septa mordane;Season 1;And how many years did it take to build.
sansa;Season 1;My grandfather and uncle were murdered here, werent they?
septa mordane;Season 1;They were killed on the orders of King Aerys, yes
sansa;Season 1;The Mad King
septa mordane;Season 1;Commonly known as the Mad King
sansa;Season 1;Why were they killed?
septa mordane;Season 1;You should speak to your father about these matters
sansa;Season 1;I dont want to speak to my father, ever
septa mordane;Season 1;You will find it in your heart to forgive your father
sansa;Season 1;No, I wont -
janos slynt;Season 1;Its the Hands tournament thats causing all this trouble, my Lords
ned;Season 1;ings tournament I assure you the Hand wants no part of it
janos slynt;Season 1;Call it what you will, Lord Stark Ser, the city is packed with people and more flooding in every day Last night we had a tavern riot, a brothel fire, three stabbings and a drunken horse race down the Street of Sisters
varys;Season 1;Dreadful
renly;Season 1;If you cant keep the Kings peace, perhaps the City Watch should be commanded by someone who can
janos slynt;Season 1;I need more men
ned;Season 1;Youll get 50 Lord Baelish will see it paid for
littlefinger;Season 1;I will?
ned;Season 1;You found money for a champions purse, you can find money to keep the peace Ill also give you 20 of my household guards till the crowds have left
janos slynt;Season 1;Thank you, my Lord Hand Ser They will be put to good use
ned;Season 1;The sooner this is over, the better
varys;Season 1;The realm prospers from such events, my Lord They give the great a chance at glory, and the lowly a respite from their woes
littlefinger;Season 1;And every inn in the city is full and the whores are walking bow-legged
ned;Season 1;Im sure the tourney puts coins in many a pocket Now If theres nothing else, my Lords?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;This heat On days like this, I envy you northerners your summer snows Until tomorrow my Lord
ned;Season 1;Ive been hoping to talk to you about Jon Arryn
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Lord Arryn? His death was a great sadness to all of us I took personal charge of his care, but I could not save him His sickness struck him very hard and very fast I saw him in my chambers just the night before he passed Lord Jon often came to me for counsel
ned;Season 1;Why?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;I have been Grand Maester for many years Kings and Hands have come to me for advice since.
ned;Season 1;What did Jon want the night before he died?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;He came inquiring after a book
ned;Season 1;A book? What book?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;I fear it would be of little interest to you, my Lord A ponderous tome
ned;Season 1;Id like to read it
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;The lineages and histories of the great houses of the Seven Kingdoms, with descriptions of many high lords and noble ladies and their children
ned;Season 1;Harkon Umber, first of his name, born to lord Hother Umber and lady Amaryllis Umber in the 183rd year after Aegons landing, at the last hearth Blue of eye, brown of hair and fair complected, died in his 14th year of a wound sustained in a bear hunt
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;As I said, my Lord, a ponderous read
ned;Season 1;Did Jon Arryn tell you what he wanted with it?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;He did not, my Lord And I did not presume to ask
ned;Season 1;Jons death.
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Such a tragedy
ned;Season 1;Did he say anything to you during his final hours?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Nothing of import, my Lord There was one phrase he kept repeating The seed is strong, I think it was
ned;Season 1;The seed is strong ? What does that mean?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;The dying mind is a demented mind, Lord Stark For all the weight theyre given, last words are usually as significant as first words
ned;Season 1;And youre quite certain he died of a natural illness?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;What else could it be?
ned;Season 1;Poison
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;A disturbing thought I dont think it likely The Hand was loved by all What sort of man would dare.
ned;Season 1;Ive heard it said that poison is a womans weapon
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Yes Women, cravens and eunuchs Did you know that lord Varys is a eunuch?
ned;Season 1;Everybody knows that
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Yes, yes, of course How that sort of person found himself on the Kings Council, I will never know
ned;Season 1;Ive taken enough of your time
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;No trouble at all, my Lord Its a great honor.
ned;Season 1;Thank you Ill find my own way out -
arya;Season 1;Syrio says a water dancer can stand on one toe for hours
ned;Season 1;Its a hard fall down these steps
arya;Season 1;Syrio says every hurt is a lesson and every lesson makes you better Tomorrow Im going to be chasing cats
ned;Season 1;Cats? Syrio says
arya;Season 1;He says every swordsman should study cats Theyre quiet as shadows and as light as feathers You have to be quick to catch them
ned;Season 1;Hes right about that
arya;Season 1;Now that Brans awake will he come live with us?
ned;Season 1;He needs to get his strength back first
arya;Season 1;He wants to be a knight of the King’s Guard He cant be one now, can he?
ned;Season 1;No But someday he could be Lord of a holdfast or sit on the Kings Council Or he might raise castles like Brandon the Builder
arya;Season 1;Can I be Lord of a holdfast?
ned;Season 1;You will marry a high Lord and rule his castle And your sons shall be knights and princes and lords
arya;Season 1;No Thats not me -
sam;Season 1;Hello Ser Alliser said Im to be your new watch partner I should warn you, I dont see all that well
jon;Season 1;Come stand by the fire Its warmer
sam;Season 1;No, thats all right Im fine
jon;Season 1;Youre not Youre freezing
sam;Season 1;I dont like high places
jon;Season 1;You cant fight You cant see Youre afraid of heights and almost everything else probably What are you doing here, Sam?
sam;Season 1;On the morning of my 18th nameday, my father came to me Youre almost a man now, he said, but youre not worthy of my land and title Tomorrow, youre going to take the black, forsake all claim to your inheritance and start north If you do not, he said, then well have a hunt and somewhere in these woods your horse will stumble and youll be thrown from your saddle to die Or so Ill tell your mother Nothing would please me more Ser Allisers going to make me fight again tomorrow, isnt he?
jon;Season 1;Yes, he is
sam;Season 1;Im not going to get any better, you know?
jon;Season 1;Well You cant get any worse -
littlefinger;Season 1;I hear youre reading a boring book
ned;Season 1;Pycelle talks too much
littlefinger;Season 1;He never stops Do you know Ser Hugh of the Vale? Not surprising Until recently, he was only a squire Jon Arryns squire He was knighted almost immediately after his masters untimely death
ned;Season 1;Knighted for what? Why are you telling me this?
littlefinger;Season 1;I promised Cat that Id help you
ned;Season 1;Where is Ser Hugh? Ill speak to him
littlefinger;Season 1;A singularly bad idea Do you see that boy there? One of Varyss little birds The Spider has taken a great interest in your comings and goings Now look there That one belongs to the Queen And do you see that Septa pretending to read her book?
ned;Season 1;Varys or the Queen?
littlefinger;Season 1;No Shes one of mine Is there someone in your service whom you trust completely?
ned;Season 1;Yes
littlefinger;Season 1;The wiser answer was no, my Lord Get a message to this paragon of yours Discreetly Send him to question Ser Hugh After that, you might want him to visit a certain armorer in the city He lives in a large house at the top of the street of Steel
ned;Season 1;Why?
littlefinger;Season 1;I have my observers, as I said, and its possible that they saw Lord Arryn visit this armorer several times in the weeks before his death
ned;Season 1;Lord Baelish, perhaps I was wrong to distrust you
littlefinger;Season 1;Distrusting me was the wisest thing youve done since you climbed off your horse -
jory cassel;Season 1;Ser Hugh? Ser Hugh
hugh of the vale;Season 1;As you can see, Im busy
jory cassel;Season 1;Im here on behalf of Lord Eddard Stark, the Hand of the king Im the captain of his guard
hugh of the vale;Season 1;Im sorry I didnt catch your name, Ser.
jory cassel;Season 1;No ser Im not a knight
hugh of the vale;Season 1;I see Well, it just so happens that I am -
jory cassel;Season 1;He said hed be glad to talk to the Hand himself Hes a knight, you see
ned;Season 1;A knight They strut around like roosters down here Even the ones whove never seen an arrow coming their way
jory cassel;Season 1;You shouldnt be out here, my Lord Theres no telling who has eyes where
ned;Season 1;Let them look
tobho mott;Season 1;The former Hand did call on me, my Lord, several times I regret to say he did not honor me with his patronage
ned;Season 1;What did Lord Arryn want?
tobho mott;Season 1;He always came to see the boy
ned;Season 1;Id like to see him as well
tobho mott;Season 1;As you wish, my Lord Gendry! Here he is Strong for his age He works hard Show the Hand the helmet you made, lad
ned;Season 1;This is fine work
gendry;Season 1;Its not for sale
tobho mott;Season 1;Boy, this is the Kings Hand! If his lordship wants the helmet.
gendry;Season 1;I made it for me
tobho mott;Season 1;Forgive him, my Lord
ned;Season 1;Theres nothing to forgive When Lord Arryn came to visit you, what would you talk about?
gendry;Season 1;He just asked me questions is all, my Lord
ned;Season 1;What kind of questions?
gendry;Season 1;About my work at first, if I was being treated well, if I liked it here But then he started asking me about my mother
ned;Season 1;Your mother?
gendry;Season 1;Who she was, what she looked like
ned;Season 1;What did you tell him?
gendry;Season 1;She died when I was little She had yellow hair Shed sing to me sometimes
ned;Season 1;Look at me Get back to work, lad If the day ever comes when that boyd rather wield a sword than forge one, you send him to me
jory cassel;Season 1;Find anything?
ned;Season 1;King Roberts bastard son -
jory cassel;Season 1;This is for the King from Lord Stark
jaime;Season 1;Listen Do you hear them? How many do you think are in there with him? Guess
jory cassel;Season 1;Three? Four?
jaime;Season 1;He likes to do this when Im on duty He makes me listen as he insults my sister
jory cassel;Season 1;Forgive me, my Lord.
jaime;Season 1;Why do I have to forgive you? Have you wronged me?
jory cassel;Season 1;Weve met before, you know
jaime;Season 1;Have we? Strange, Ive forgotten
jory cassel;Season 1;The siege of Pyke We fought side by side one afternoon
jaime;Season 1;Thats where you got your scar?
jory cassel;Season 1;Aye One of the Greyjoys nearly took my eye
jaime;Season 1;Vicious sons of whores
jory cassel;Season 1;They like their bloodshed
jaime;Season 1;They stopped liking it at the end That was a proper battle Dyou remember Thoros of Myr charging through the breach?
jory cassel;Season 1;With his burning sword? Ill remember that till the day I die
jaime;Season 1;I saw the youngest of the Greyjoy lads at Winterfell It was like seeing a shark on a mountaintop
jory cassel;Season 1;Theon? Hes a good lad
jaime;Season 1;I doubt it
robert;Season 1;Ill bet you smell of blackberry jam! Let me smell it Come here
jory cassel;Season 1;Can I leave this with you? The message from Lord Stark
jaime;Season 1;I dont serve Lord Stark -
grenn;Season 1;Where have you been?
jon;Season 1;Watch duty With Sam
pyp;Season 1;Prince Porkchop Where is he?
jon;Season 1;He wasnt hungry
pyp;Season 1;Impossible
jon;Season 1;Thats enough Sams no different from the rest of us There was no place for him in the world, so hes come here Were not going to hurt him in the training yard anymore Never again, no matter what Thorne says Hes our brother now and were going to protect him
rast;Season 1;You are in love, Lord Snow You girls can do as you please But if Thorne puts me up against Lady Piggy, Im gonna slice me off a side of bacon.All of the new recruits are sleeping Jon, Ghost , Pyp and Grenn ambush and gag Rast as he sleeps Jon threatens him
jon;Season 1;No one touches Sam
alliser thorne;Season 1;What are you waiting for? Attack him! You, get in there
grenn;Season 1;Hit me Go on, hit me! I yield! Yield yield I yield
alliser thorne;Season 1;You think this is funny, do you? When youre out there beyond the Wall with the sun going down, do you want a man at your back? Or a sniveling boy? -
viserys;Season 1;You send this whore to give me commands? I should have sent you back her head
doreah;Season 1;Forgive me, Khaleesi I did as you asked
daenerys;Season 1;Hush now Its all right , take her and leave us
irri;Season 1;Yes, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;Why did you hit her?
viserys;Season 1;How many times do I have to tell you? You do not command me
daenerys;Season 1;I wasnt commanding you I just wanted to invite you to supper
viserys;Season 1;Whats this?
daenerys;Season 1;Its a gift I had it made for you
viserys;Season 1;Dothraki rags? Are you going to dress me now?
daenerys;Season 1;Please
viserys;Season 1;This stinks of manure All of it
daenerys;Season 1;Stop stop it
viserys;Season 1;You would turn me into one of them, wouldnt you? Next youll want to braid my hair
daenerys;Season 1;Youve no right to a braid Youve won no victories yet
viserys;Season 1;You do not talk back to me
viserys;Season 1;You are a horselords slut And now youve woken the dragon.
daenerys;Season 1;I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki! I am the wife of the great Khal and I carry his son inside me The next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands -
sam;Season 1;I know for a fact that some of the officers go to that brothel in Moles Town
jon;Season 1;I wouldnt doubt it
sam;Season 1;Dont you think its a little bit unfair? Making us take our vows while they sneak off for a little sally on the side?
jon;Season 1;Sally on the side?
sam;Season 1;Its silly, isnt it? What, we cant defend the Wall unless were celibate? Its absurd
jon;Season 1;I didnt think youd be so upset about it
sam;Season 1;Why not? Because Im fat? But I like girls just as much as you do They might not like me as much Ive never been with one Youve probably had hundreds
jon;Season 1;As a matter of fact, Im the same as you
sam;Season 1;I find that hard to believe
jon;Season 1;I came very close once I was alone in a room with a naked girl, but.
sam;Season 1;You didnt know where to put it?
jon;Season 1;I know where to put it
sam;Season 1;Was she Old and ugly?
jon;Season 1;Young and gorgeous A whore named Ros
sam;Season 1;What color hair?
jon;Season 1;Red
sam;Season 1;I like red hair And her Her.
jon;Season 1;You dont want to know
sam;Season 1;That good?
jon;Season 1;Better
sam;Season 1;Oh no So why exactly did you not make love to Ros with the perfect.
jon;Season 1;Whats my name?
sam;Season 1;?
jon;Season 1;And why is my surname Snow?
sam;Season 1;Because Youre a bastard from the north
jon;Season 1;I never met my mother My father wouldnt even tell me her name I dont know if shes living or dead I dont know if shes a noblewoman or a fishermans wife Or a whore So I sat there in the brothel as Ros took off her clothes But I couldnt do it Because all I could think was what if I got her pregnant and she had a child, another bastard named Snow? Its not a good life for a child
sam;Season 1;So You didnt know where to put it?
alliser thorne;Season 1;Enjoying yourselves? You look cold, boys
sam;Season 1;It is a bit nippy
alliser thorne;Season 1;A bit nippy, yeah, by the fire, indoors Its still summer Do you boys even remember the last winter? How long has it been now? What, 10 years? I remember Was it uncomfortable at Winterfell? Were there days when you just couldnt get warm, never mind how many fires your servants built?
jon;Season 1;I build my own fires
alliser thorne;Season 1;Thats admirable I spent six months out there, beyond the Wall during the last winter It was supposed to be a two-week mission We heard a rumor Mance Rayder was planning to attack Eastwatch So we went out to look for some of his men Capture them, gather some knowledge The Wildlings who fight for Mance Rayder are hard men Harder than youll ever be They know their country better than we do They knew there was a storm coming in So they hid in their caves and waited for it to pass And we got caught in the open Wind so strong it yanked 100-foot trees straight from the ground, roots and all If you took your gloves off to find your cock to have a piss, you lost a finger to the frost And all in darkness You dont know cold Neither of you do The horses died first We didnt have enough to feed them, to keep them warm Eating the horses was easy But later when we started to fall That wasnt easy We should have had a couple of boys like you along, shouldnt we? Soft, fat boys like you Wed have lasted a fortnight on you and still had bones leftover for soup Soon well have new recruits and you lot will be passed along to the Lord Commander for assignment and they will call you men of the Nights Watch, but youd be fools to believe it Youre boys still And come the winter you will die Like flies -
daenerys;Season 1;I hit him I hit the dragon
jorah;Season 1;Your brother Rhaegar was the last dragon Viserys is less than the shadow of a snake
daenerys;Season 1;He is still the true King
jorah;Season 1;The truth now do you want to see your brother sitting on the Iron Throne?
daenerys;Season 1;No But the common people are waiting for him Illyrio said theyre sewing dragon banners and praying for his return
jorah;Season 1;The common people pray for rain, health and a summer that never ends They dont care what games the high Lords play
daenerys;Season 1;What do you pray for, Ser Jorah?
jorah;Season 1;Home
daenerys;Season 1;I pray for home too My brother will never take back the Seven Kingdoms He couldnt lead an army even if my husband gave him one Hell never take us home -
littlefinger;Season 1;Lovers quarrel?
sansa;Season 1;Im sorry Do I ?
septa mordane;Season 1;Sansa dear, this is Lord Baelish Hes known.
littlefinger;Season 1;An old friend of the family Ive known your mother a long long time
arya;Season 1;Why do they call you Littlefinger?
sansa;Season 1;Arya
septa mordane;Season 1;Dont be rude
littlefinger;Season 1;No, its quite all right When I was a child I was very small and I come from a little spit of land called The Fingers, so you see, its an exceedingly clever nickname
robert;Season 1;Ive been sitting here for days! Start the damn joust before I piss myself
sansa;Season 1;Gods, who is that?
littlefinger;Season 1;Ser Gregor Clegane They call him the Mountain The Hounds older brother
sansa;Season 1;And his opponent?
littlefinger;Season 1;Ser Hugh of the Vale He was Jon Arryns squire Look how far hes come
robert;Season 1;Yes, yes Enough of the bloody pomp Have at it
littlefinger;Season 1;Not what you were expecting? Has anyone ever told you the story of the Mountain and the Hound? Lovely little tale of brotherly love The Hound was just a pup, six years old maybe Gregor a few years older, already a big lad, already getting a bit of a reputation Some lucky boys just born with a talent for violence One evening Gregor found his little brother playing with a toy by the fire Gregors toy, a wooden knight Gregor never said a word, he just grabbed his brother by the scruff of his neck and shoved his face into the burning coals Held him there while the boy screamed, while his face melted There arent very many people who know that story
sansa;Season 1;I wont tell anyone I promise
littlefinger;Season 1;No, please dont If the Hound so much as heard you mention it, Im afraid all the knights in Kings Landing would not be able to save you -
jory cassel;Season 1;My Lord, Her Grace the Queen
ned;Season 1;Your Grace
cersei;Season 1;Youre missing your tournament
ned;Season 1;Putting my name on it doesnt make it mine
cersei;Season 1;I thought we might put what happened on the Kingsroad behind us – the ugliness with the wolves And forcing you to kill the beast was extreme Though sometimes we go to extremes where our children are concerned How is Sansa?
ned;Season 1;She likes it here
cersei;Season 1;The only Stark who does Favors her mother, not much of the north in her
ned;Season 1;What are you doing here?
cersei;Season 1;I might ask the same of you What is it you hope to accomplish?
ned;Season 1;ing called on me to serve him and the realm, and thats what Ill do until he tells me otherwise
cersei;Season 1;You cant change him You cant help him Hell do what he wants, which is all hes ever done Youll try your best to pick up the pieces
ned;Season 1;If thats my job, then so be it
cersei;Season 1;Youre just a soldier, arent you? You take your orders and you carry on I suppose it makes sense Your older brother was trained to lead and you were trained to follow
ned;Season 1;I was also trained to kill my enemies, Your Grace
cersei;Season 1;As was I -
marillion;Season 1;Seven blessings to you, goodfolk
catelyn;Season 1;And to you
rodrick cassel;Season 1;Boy! Bread, meat and beer, quickly
marillion;Season 1;Good idea, grandfather Im starving A song while we wait or?
rodrick cassel;Season 1;Id rather throw myself down a well
marillion;Season 1;Grandfather, may be your last chance if youre heading north The only music the northerners know is the howling of wolves
masha heddle;Season 1;Im sorry, my Lord, were full up Every room
tyrion;Season 1;My men can sleep in the stable As for myself, I dont require a large room
masha heddle;Season 1;Truly, my lord, we have nothing
tyrion;Season 1;Is there nothing I can do to remedy this?
bronn;Season 1;You can have my room
tyrion;Season 1;Theres a clever man You can manage food, I trust? , dine with me
yoren;Season 1;Aye, my Lord
marillion;Season 1;My Lord of Lannister! Might I entertain you while you eat? I can sing of your fathers victory at Kings Landing
tyrion;Season 1;Nothing would more likely ruin my supper Lady Stark! What an unexpected pleasure I was sorry to have missed you at Winterfell
masha heddle;Season 1;Lady Stark
catelyn;Season 1;I was still Catelyn Tully the last time I stayed here You, Ser Is that the black bat of Harrenhal I see embroidered on your coat?
knight of house whent;Season 1;It is, my Lady
catelyn;Season 1;And is Lady Whent a true and honest friend to my father Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun?
knight of house whent;Season 1;She is
catelyn;Season 1;The red stallion was always a welcome sight at Riverrun My father counts Jonas Bracken amongst his oldest and most loyal bannermen
knight of house bracken;Season 1;Our lord is honored by his trust
tyrion;Season 1;I envy your father all his fine friends, but I dont quite see the purpose of this
knight of house frey;Season 1;Lord Walder is well, my Lady He has asked your father for the honor of his presence on his 90th nameday He plans to take another wife
ned;Season 1;Does Ser Hugh have any family in the capital?
barristan selmy;Season 1;No I stood vigil for him myself last night He had no one else
ned;Season 1;Hed never worn this armor before
barristan selmy;Season 1;Bad luck for him Going against the Mountain
ned;Season 1;Who determines the draw?
barristan selmy;Season 1;All the knights draw straws, Lord Stark
ned;Season 1;Aye But who holds the straws? Youve done good work, Sisters
barristan selmy;Season 1;Life is strange Not so many years ago we fought as enemies at the Trident
ned;Season 1;Im glad we never met on the field, Ser Barristan as is my wife I dont think the widows life would suit her
barristan selmy;Season 1;Youre too modest Ive seen you cut down a dozen great knights
ned;Season 1;My father once told me you were the best hed ever seen I never knew the man to be wrong about matters of combat
barristan selmy;Season 1;He was a fine man, your father What the Mad King did to him was a terrible crime
ned;Season 1;And that lad He was a squire until a few months ago How could he afford a new suit of armor?
barristan selmy;Season 1;Perhaps Lord Arryn left him some money? I hear the King wants to joust today
ned;Season 1;Yes That will never happen
barristan selmy;Season 1;Robert tends to do what he wants
ned;Season 1;If the King got what he wanted all the time, wed still be fighting a damned rebellion
lancel;Season 1;Its made too small, Your Grace It wont go
robert;Season 1;Your mother was a dumb whore with a fat arse Did you know that? Look at this idiot! One ball and no brains He cant even put a mans armor on him properly
ned;Season 1;Youre too fat for your armor
robert;Season 1;Fat? Fat, is it? Is that how you speak to your King? That was funny, is it?
robert;Season 1;Oh, it’s funny, is it?
lancel;Season 1;No, Your Grace
robert;Season 1;No? You dont like the Hands joke?
ned;Season 1;Youre torturing the poor boy
robert;Season 1;You heard the Hand ings too fat for his armor! Go find the breastplate stretcher, now
ned;Season 1;The breastplate stretcher?
robert;Season 1;How long before he figures it out?
ned;Season 1;Maybe you should have one invented
robert;Season 1;All right, all right But you watch me out there I still know how to point a lance
ned;Season 1;You have no business jousting Leave that for the young men
robert;Season 1;Why? Because Im king? Piss on that I want to hit somebody
ned;Season 1;And whos going to hit you back?
robert;Season 1;Anybody who can And the last man in his saddle will be you
ned;Season 1;Theres not a man in the Seven Kingdoms would risk hurting you
robert;Season 1;Are you telling me those cowards would let me win?
ned;Season 1;Aye
robert;Season 1;Drink
ned;Season 1;Im not thirsty
robert;Season 1;Drink Your King commands it Gods! Too fat for my armor
ned;Season 1;Your squire A Lannister boy?
robert;Season 1;Hmm A bloody idiot But Cersei insisted I have Jon Arryn to thank for her Cersei Lannister will make a good match , he told me Youll need her father on your side I thought being King meant I could do whatever I wanted Enough of this! Lets go watch em ride At least I can smell someone elses blood
ned;Season 1;Robert?
robert;Season 1;What? Oh! An inspiring sight for the people, eh? Come! Bow before your King! Bow, you shits! -
ned;Season 1;Wheres Arya
sansa;Season 1;At her dancing lessons night of the Flowers
sansa;Season 1;Thank you, Ser Loras
sansa;Season 1;Dont let Ser Gregor hurt him
ned;Season 1;Hey
sansa;Season 1;I cant watch
littlefinger;Season 1;100 gold dragons on the Mountain
renly;Season 1;Ill take that bet
littlefinger;Season 1;Now what will I buy with 100 gold dragons? A dozen barrels of Dornish wine? Or a girl from the pleasure houses of Lys?
renly;Season 1;Or you could even buy a friend
sansa;Season 1;Hes going to die
ned;Season 1;Ser Loras rides well
renly;Season 1;Such a shame, Littlefinger It would have been so nice for you to have a friend
littlefinger;Season 1;And tell me, Lord Renly, when will you be having your friend?
littlefinger;Season 1;Loras knew his mare was in heat Quite crafty, really
sansa;Season 1;Ser Loras would never do that! Theres no honor in tricks
littlefinger;Season 1;No honor but quite a bit of gold
robert;Season 1;Stop this madness in the name of your King
loras;Season 1;I owe you my life, Ser
sandor clegane;Season 1;Im no Ser -
catelyn;Season 1;Remove his hood
marillion;Season 1;On that eve, the captive Imp down-wards from his horse did limp, no more would he preen and primp, in garb of red and gold
tyrion;Season 1;This isnt the Kingsroad You said we were riding for Winterfell
catelyn;Season 1;I did often and loudly
tyrion;Season 1;Very wise Theyll be out in droves, looking for me in the wrong place Words probably gotten to my father by now Hell be offering a handsome reward Everyone knows a Lannister always pays his debts Would you be so good as to untie me?
catelyn;Season 1;And why would I do that?
tyrion;Season 1;Why not? Am I going to run? The hill tribes would kill me for my boots Unless a Shadowcat ate me first
catelyn;Season 1;Shadowcats and hill tribes are the least of your concerns
tyrion;Season 1;Ah the Eastern Road Were going to The Vale Youre taking me to your sisters to answer for my imagined crimes Tell me, Lady Stark When was the last time you saw your sister?
catelyn;Season 1;Five years ago
tyrion;Season 1;Shes changed She was always a bit touched, but now you might as well kill me here
catelyn;Season 1;I am not a murderer, Lannister
tyrion;Season 1;Neither am I! I had nothing to do with the attempt on your sons life
catelyn;Season 1;The dagger found
tyrion;Season 1;What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?
rodrik cassel;Season 1;Should I gag him?
tyrion;Season 1;Why? Am I starting to make sense?
rodrik cassel;Season 1;My Lady, this way
tyrion;Season 1;Untie me If I die, whats the point?
catelyn;Season 1;Rodrik?
rodrik cassel;Season 1;Ill be fine, my Lady Theres no need to bloody yourself
bronn;Season 1;Your first? You need a woman Nothing like a woman after a fight
tyrion;Season 1;Well, Im willing if she is -
maester luwin;Season 1;Bran.
bran;Season 1;The Iron Islands Sigil a Kraken Words We do not sow
maester luwin;Season 1;Lords?
bran;Season 1;The Greyjoys
theon;Season 1;Famed for their skills at archery, navigation and lovemaking
maester luwin;Season 1;And failed rebellions
bran;Season 1;Sigil a stag A crowned stag now that Roberts King
maester luwin;Season 1;Good
bran;Season 1;Words Ours is the fury Lords the Baratheons
maester luwin;Season 1;Mhmm
bran;Season 1;The Westerlands sigil a lion
maester luwin;Season 1;Hmm.
bran;Season 1;Words A Lannister always pays his debts
maester luwin;Season 1;No A common saying, but not their official motto
bran;Season 1;Lords the Lannisters
maester luwin;Season 1;Were still on their words
bran;Season 1;I dont know them
maester luwin;Season 1;You do know them Think
bran;Season 1;Unbowed, unbent, unbroken
maester luwin;Season 1;Thats House Martell
bran;Season 1;Righteous in wrath
maester luwin;Season 1;House Hornwood
bran;Season 1;Family, duty, honor
maester luwin;Season 1;Those are Tully words Your mothers Are we playing a game?
bran;Season 1;Family, duty, honor Is that the right order?
maester luwin;Season 1;You know it is
bran;Season 1;Family comes first?
maester luwin;Season 1;Your mother had to leave Winterfell to protect the family
bran;Season 1;How can she protect the family, if shes not with her family?
maester luwin;Season 1;Your mother sat by your bed for three weeks while you slept
bran;Season 1;And then she left
maester luwin;Season 1;When you were born, I was the one who pulled you from your mother I placed you in her arms From that moment until the moment she dies, she will love you Absolutely Fiercely
bran;Season 1;Why did she leave?
maester luwin;Season 1;I still cant tell you, but she will be home soon
bran;Season 1;Do you know where she is now? Today?
maester luwin;Season 1;No, I dont
bran;Season 1;Then how can you promise me shell be home soon?
maester luwin;Season 1;Sometimes I worry youre too smart for your own good
bran;Season 1;Ill never shoot another arrow
maester luwin;Season 1;And where is that written?
bran;Season 1;You need legs to work a bow
maester luwin;Season 1;Hmm If the saddle Lord Tyrion designed actually works, you could learn to shoot a bow from horseback
bran;Season 1;Really?
maester luwin;Season 1;Dothraki boys learn when theyre four years old Why shouldnt you? -
theon;Season 1;Shh Keep it down Youre not supposed to be inside the castle walls
ros;Season 1;I thought you were supposed to be an important person around here
theon;Season 1;Important enough for the likes of you
ros;Season 1;Youre not the only nobleman in my life, you know
theon;Season 1;Who? the Imp? Id call him half a nobleman
ros;Season 1;Jealous?
theon;Season 1;Why should I be jealous?
theon;Season 1;Anyone with a few coppers in his pocket can own you for the night Whats a dwarf like down below? Ive always wondered
ros;Season 1;Might surprise you
theon;Season 1;Hmm?
ros;Season 1;Hes good with his fingers too And his tongue
theon;Season 1;Generous tipper I guess gold is cheap for a Lannister
ros;Season 1;You are jealous
theon;Season 1;Im a Greyjoy Weve been Lords of the Iron Islands for 300 years Theres not a family in Westeros that can look down on us, not even the Lannisters
ros;Season 1;And what about the Starks?
theon;Season 1;I’ve been Lord Stark’s ward since I was eight years old
ros;Season 1;A ward”, that’s a nice word for it Your father rebelled against King Robert and if he does it again
theon;Season 1;My father fought for the freedom of his people! What did your father do? Fucked a cook and whelped a whore
ros;Season 1;You’re a very serious boy
theon;Season 1;I’m not a boy
ros;Season 1;Oh, yes you are A serious boy, with a serious cock
theon;Season 1;I don’t want to pay for it
ros;Season 1;Then get yourself a wife -
arya;Season 1;Come on Im not gonna hurt you
varys;Season 1;How is your son, my Lord?
ned;Season 1;Hell never walk again
varys;Season 1;But his mind is sound?
ned;Season 1;So they say
varys;Season 1;A blessing then I suffered an early mutilation myself Some doors close forever others open in the most unexpected places May I?
varys;Season 1;If the wrong ears heard what Im about to tell you, off comes my head And who would mourn poor Varys then? North or South, they sing no songs for spiders But there are things you must know You are the Kings Hand and the King is a fool your friend, I know, but a fool and doomed unless you save him
ned;Season 1;Ive been in the capital a month Why have you waited so long to tell me this?
varys;Season 1;I didnt trust you
ned;Season 1;So why do you trust me now?
varys;Season 1;The Queen is not the only one who has been watching you closely There are few men of honor in the capital You are one of them I would like to believe I am another, strange as that may seem
ned;Season 1;What sort of doom does the King face?
varys;Season 1;The same sort as Jon Arryn The tears of Lys, they call it A rare and costly thing, as clear and tasteless as water It leaves no trace
ned;Season 1;Who gave it to him?
varys;Season 1;Some dear friend, no doubt But which one? There were many Lord Arryn was a kind and trusting man There was one boy all he was he owed to Jon Arryn
ned;Season 1;The squire, Ser Hugh?
varys;Season 1;Pity what happened to him, just when his life seemed to be going so nicely
ned;Season 1;If Ser Hugh poisoned him, who paid Ser Hugh?
varys;Season 1;Someone who could afford it
ned;Season 1;Jon was a man of peace He was Hand for 17 years 17 good years Why kill him?
varys;Season 1;He started asking questions -
varys;Season 1;Hes found one bastard already He has the book The rest will come
illyrio mopatis;Season 1;And when he knows the truth, what will he do?
varys;Season 1;The gods alone know The fools tried to kill his son Whats worse, they botched it The wolf and the lion will be at each others throats We will be at war soon, my friend
illyrio mopatis;Season 1;What good is war now? Were not ready If one Hand can die, why not a second?
varys;Season 1;This Hand is not the other
illyrio mopatis;Season 1;We need time Khal Drogo will not make his move until his son is born You know how these savages are
varys;Season 1;Delay, you say Move fast, I reply This is no longer a game for two players
illyrio mopatis;Season 1;It never was -
varys;Season 1;The first to arrive and the last to leave I admire your industry
littlefinger;Season 1;You do move quietly
varys;Season 1;We all have our qualities
littlefinger;Season 1;You look a bit lonely today You should pay a visit to my brothel this evening First boy is on the house
varys;Season 1;I think youre mistaking business with pleasure
littlefinger;Season 1;Am I? All those birds that whisper in your ear, such pretty little things Trust me, we accommodate all inclinations
varys;Season 1;Oh, Im sure Lord Redwyne likes his boys very young, I hear
littlefinger;Season 1;Im a purveyor of beauty and discretion, both equally important
varys;Season 1;Though I suppose beauty is a subjective quality, no? Is it true that Ser Marlon of Tumblestone prefers amputees?
littlefinger;Season 1;All desires are valid to a man with a full purse
varys;Season 1;And I heard the most awful rumor about a certain lord with a taste for fresh cadavers Must be enormously difficult to accommodate that inclination The logistics alone to find beautiful corpses before they rot
littlefinger;Season 1;Strictly speaking, such a thing would not be in accordance with the Kings laws
varys;Season 1;Strictly speaking
littlefinger;Season 1;Tell me Does someone, somewhere, keep your balls in a little box? Ive often wondered
varys;Season 1;Do you know, I have no idea where they are? And we had been so close But enough about me How have you been since we last saw each other?
littlefinger;Season 1;Since you last saw me or since I last saw you?
varys;Season 1;Now the last time I saw you, you were talking to the Hand of the King
littlefinger;Season 1;Saw me with your own eyes?
varys;Season 1;Eyes I own
littlefinger;Season 1;Council business We all have so much to discuss with Ned Stark
varys;Season 1;Everyones well aware of your enduring fondness for Lord Starks wife If the Lannisters were behind the attempt on the Stark boys life and it was discovered that you helped the Starks come to that conclusion To think A simple word to the Queen.
littlefinger;Season 1;One shudders at the thought
varys;Season 1;Oh
littlefinger;Season 1;But you know something? I do believe that I have seen you even more recently than you have seen me
varys;Season 1;Have you?
littlefinger;Season 1;Yes Earlier today, I distinctly recall seeing you talking to Lord Stark in his chambers
varys;Season 1;Was that you under the bed?
littlefinger;Season 1;And not long after that when I saw you escorting a certain foreign dignitary Council business? Of course you would have friends from across The Narrow Sea Youre from there yourself, after all Were friends, arent we, Lord ? Id like to think we are So you can imagine my burden, wondering if the King might question my friends sympathies To stand at a crossroads where turning left means loyalty to a friend, turning right, loyalty to the realm
varys;Season 1;Oh, please
littlefinger;Season 1;To find myself in a position where a simple word to the King -
renly;Season 1;What are you two conspiring about? Well, whatever it is, youd best hurry up My brother is coming
littlefinger;Season 1;To a small council meeting?
varys;Season 1;Disturbing news from far away Havent you heard? -
guard;Season 1;Off with you No begging
arya;Season 1;Im not a beggar I live here
guard;Season 1;Dyou want a smack on your ear to help you with your hearing?
arya;Season 1;I want to see my father
guard;Season 1;I want to fuck the Queen, for all the good it does me
guard;Season 1;You want your father, boy? Hes lying on the floor of some tavern, getting pissed on by his friends
arya;Season 1;My father is Hand of the King! Im not a boy Im Arya Stark of Winterfell and if you lay a hand on me, my father will have both your heads on spikes! Now are you going to let me by or do I need to smack you on the ear to help with your hearing?
ned;Season 1;You know I had half my guard out searching for you? You promised me this would stop
arya;Season 1;They said they were going to kill you
ned;Season 1;Who did?
arya;Season 1;I didnt see them, but I think one was fat
ned;Season 1;Oh, Arya
arya;Season 1;Im not lying! They said you found the bastard and the wolves are fighting the lions and the savage something about the savage
ned;Season 1;Where did you hear this?
arya;Season 1;In the dungeons, near the dragon skulls
ned;Season 1;What were you doing in the dungeons?
arya;Season 1;Chasing a cat
jory cassel;Season 1;Pardon, my Lord Theres a Nights Watchman here begging a word He says its urgent
ned;Season 1;Your name, friend?
yoren;Season 1;Yoren, if it please This must be your son He has the look
arya;Season 1;Im a girl
ned;Season 1;Did Benjen send you?
yoren;Season 1;No one sent me, my Lord Im here to find men for The Wall, see if theres any scum in the dungeons that might be fit for service
ned;Season 1;Ah, well find recruits for you
yoren;Season 1;Thank you, my Lord But thats not why I disturb you now Your brother, Benjen his blood runs black, makes him as much my brother as yours Its for his sake I rode here so hard I damn near killed my horse! There are others riding too The whole city will know by tomorrow
ned;Season 1;Know what?
yoren;Season 1;Best said in private, my Lord
ned;Season 1;Go on Well talk more later
ned;Season 1;Jory, take her safely to her room
jory cassel;Season 1;Come along, my Lady You heard your father
arya;Season 1;How many guards does my father have?
jory cassel;Season 1;Here in Kings Landing? Fifty
arya;Season 1;You wouldnt let anyone kill him, would you?
jory cassel;Season 1;No fear on that count, little Lady
ned;Season 1;Well?
yoren;Season 1;Its about your wife, my Lord Shes taken the Imp -
vardis egen;Season 1;Youre far from home, Lady Stark
catelyn;Season 1;To whom do I speak?
vardis egen;Season 1;Ser Vardis Egen, Knight of The Vale Is Lady Arryn expecting your visit?
catelyn;Season 1;There was no time to send word
vardis egen;Season 1;May I ask, my Lady, why he is with you?
catelyn;Season 1;Thats why there was no time He is my prisoner
vardis egen;Season 1;He doesnt look like a prisoner
catelyn;Season 1;My sister will decide what he looks like
vardis egen;Season 1;Yes, my Lady She will at that
tyrion;Season 1;The Eyrie They say its impregnable
bronn;Season 1;Give me 10 good men and some climbing spikes Ill impregnate the bitch
tyrion;Season 1;I like you -
steward;Season 1;Lord Stark, your presence has been requested in the small council chamber A meeting has been called
ned;Season 1;I need to see the King first alone
steward;Season 1;ing is at the small council meeting, my Lord He has summoned you
ned;Season 1;Is it about my wife?
steward;Season 1;No, my Lord I believe it concerns Daenerys Targaryen
robert;Season 1;The whore is pregnant
ned;Season 1;Youre speaking of murdering a child
robert;Season 1;I warned you this would happen Back in the North, I warned you, but you didnt care to hear Well, hear it now I want em dead, mother and child both And that fool, Viserys as well Is that plain enough for you? I want them both dead
ned;Season 1;You will dishonor yourself forever if you do this
robert;Season 1;Honor?! Ive got Seven Kingdoms to rule! One King, Seven Kingdoms Do you think honor keeps them in line? Do you think its honor thats keeping the peace? Its fear! Fear and blood
ned;Season 1;Then were no better than the Mad King
robert;Season 1;Careful, Ned Careful now
ned;Season 1;You want to assassinate a girl Because the Spider heard a rumor?
varys;Season 1;No rumor, my Lord The princess is with child
ned;Season 1;Based on whose information?
varys;Season 1;Ser Jorah Mormont He is serving as adviser to the Targaryens
ned;Season 1;Mormont? You bring us the whispers of a traitor half a world away and call it fact?
littlefinger;Season 1;Jorah Mormonts a slaver, not a traitor Small difference, I know, to an honorable man
ned;Season 1;He broke the law, betrayed his family, fled our land We commit murder on the word of this man?
robert;Season 1;And if hes right? If she has a son? A Targaryen at the head of a Dothraki army What then?
ned;Season 1;The Narrow Sea still lies between us Ill fear the Dothraki the day they teach their horses to run on water
robert;Season 1;Do nothing? Thats your wise advice? Do nothing til our enemies are on our shores? Youre my council? Counsel! Speak sense to this honorable fool
varys;Season 1;I understand your misgivings, my Lord Truly, I do It is a terrible thing we must consider, a vile thing Yet, we who presume to rule must sometimes do vile things for the good of the realm Should the gods grant Daenerys a son, the realm will bleed
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;I bear this girl no ill will, but should the Dothraki invade, how many innocents will die? How many towns will burn? Is it not wiser, kinder even, that she should die now so that tens of thousands might live?
renly;Season 1;We should have had them both killed years ago
littlefinger;Season 1;When you find yourself in bed with an ugly woman, best close your eyes, get it over with Cut her throat Be done with it
ned;Season 1;I followed you into war twice, without doubts, without second thoughts But I will not follow you now The Robert I grew up with didnt tremble at the shadow of an unborn child
robert;Season 1;She dies
ned;Season 1;I will have no part in it
robert;Season 1;Youre the Kings Hand, Lord Stark Youll do as I command or Ill find me a Hand who will
ned;Season 1;And good luck to him I thought you were a better man
robert;Season 1;Out! Out, damn you! Im done with you Go! Run back to Winterfell! Ill have your head on a spike! Ill put it there myself, you fool! You think youre too good for this? Too proud and honorable? This is a war! -
ned;Season 1;Ill go ahead with my daughters Get them ready Do it yourself Dont ask anyone for help
jory cassel;Season 1;Right away, my Lord Lord Baelish is here for you
littlefinger;Season 1;His Grace went on about you at some length after you took your leave The word treason was mentioned
ned;Season 1;What can I do for you?
littlefinger;Season 1;When do you return to Winterfell?
ned;Season 1;Why? What do you care?
littlefinger;Season 1;If youre still here come nightfall, Ill take you to see the last person Jon Arryn spoke with before falling ill If that sort of thing still interests you
ned;Season 1;I dont have the time
littlefinger;Season 1;It wont take more than an hour But as you please
ned;Season 1;Round up all the men we have and station them outside the girls chambers Who are your best two swords?
jory cassel;Season 1;Heward and Wyl
ned;Season 1;Find them and meet me at the stables -
lysa arryn;Season 1;You bring him here without permission? You pollute my home with his presence? Your aunt has done a bad thing, Robin, a very bad thing You remember her, dont you? Isnt he beautiful? And strong too Jon knew it His last words were, the seed is strong He wanted everyone to know what a good, strong boy his son would grow up to be Look at him, the Lord of all the Vale
catelyn;Season 1;Lysa, you wrote me about the Lannisters, warning me t
lysa arryn;Season 1;To stay away from them! Not to bring one here
robin arryn;Season 1;Mommy? Is that the bad man?
lysa arryn;Season 1;It is
robin arryn;Season 1;Hes little
lysa arryn;Season 1;Hes Tyrion the Imp of House Lannister He killed your father He murdered the Hand of the King
tyrion;Season 1;Oh? Did I kill him too? Ive been a very busy man
lysa arryn;Season 1;You will watch your tongue! These men are Knights of the Vale Every one of the loved Jon Arryn Every one of them would die for me
tyrion;Season 1;If any harm comes to me, my brother, Jaime, will see that they do
robin arryn;Season 1;You cant hurt us! No one can hurt us here! Tell him, mommy! Tell him
lysa arryn;Season 1;Shh Shh Shh, my sweet boy Hes just trying to frighten us Lannisters are all liars No one will hurt my baby
robin arryn;Season 1;Mommy I want to see the bad man fly
lysa arryn;Season 1;Perhaps you will, my little love
catelyn;Season 1;This man is my prisoner I will not have him harmed
lysa arryn;Season 1;Ser Vardis, my sisters guest is weary Take him down below so he can rest Introduce him t
mord;Season 1;You go sleep, dwarf man Sleep good, little dwarf man! -
loras;Season 1;Lord Starks lucky he still has a head
renly;Season 1;Robert will rant for a few days, but he wont do anything He adores the man
loras;Season 1;Youre jealous
renly;Season 1;Are you sure this wont hurt?
loras;Season 1;Only if I slip
renly;Season 1;And you prefer me like this?
loras;Season 1;Mhmm
renly;Season 1;If you want hairless, maybe you should find a little boy
loras;Season 1;I want you
renly;Season 1;My brother thinks that anyone who hasnt been to war isnt a man He treats me as if Im a spoiled child Oh, and youre not? , the Knight of the Flowers? How many wars have you fought in? Oh, and how much did your father spend on that armor of yours?
loras;Season 1;Hold still
renly;Season 1;All I ever hear from Robert and Stannis is how Im not tough enough, how I squirm at the sight of blood
loras;Season 1;You did vomit when that boys eye was knocked out in the mêlée
renly;Season 1;His eye was dangling out of the damn socket
loras;Season 1;He shouldnt have entered the mêlée if he didnt know how to fight
renly;Season 1;Easy for you to say Not everyone is such a gifted swordsman
loras;Season 1;Its not a gift No one gave it to me Im good because I work at it every day of my life since I could hold a stick
renly;Season 1;I could work at fighting all day, every day, and still never be as good as you
loras;Season 1;Yes well, I guess well never know
renly;Season 1;Everywhere?
loras;Season 1;Everywhere So how did it end up? The Targaryen girl will die?
renly;Season 1;It needs to be done, unpleasant as it is Roberts rather tasteless about it Every time he talks about killing her, I swear the table rises six inches
loras;Season 1;Its a shame he cant muster the same enthusiasm for his wife
renly;Season 1;He does have a deep, abiding lust for her money You have to give it to the Lannisters, they may be the most pompous, ponderous cunts the gods ever suffered to walk the world, but they do have outrageous amounts of money
loras;Season 1;I have an outrageous amount of money
renly;Season 1;Not as much as the Lannisters
loras;Season 1;But a lot more than you
renly;Season 1;Roberts threatening to take me hunting with him Last time we were out there for two weeks, tramping through the trees in the rain, day after day All so he can stick his spear into somethings flesh! Oh but Robert loves his killing And hes the King
loras;Season 1;Hmm How did that ever happen?
renly;Season 1;Because he loves his killing and he used to be good at it
loras;Season 1;Do you know who should be King?
renly;Season 1;Be serious
loras;Season 1;I am My father could be your bank Ive never fought in a war before, but Id fight for you
renly;Season 1;Im fourth in line
loras;Season 1;And where was Robert in the line of royal succession? Joffrey is a monster Tommen is eight
renly;Season 1;Stannis?
loras;Season 1;Stannis has the personality of a lobster
renly;Season 1;Hes still my older brother
renly;Season 1;What are you doing?
loras;Season 1;Look at it
renly;Season 1;You cut me
loras;Season 1;Its just blood Weve all got it in us Sometimes a little spills If you become King, youre going to see a lot of this You need to get used to it Go on Look People love you They love to serve you because youre kind to them They want to be near you
loras;Season 1;Youre willing to do what needs to be done, but you dont gloat over it You dont love killing Where is it written that power is the sole province of the worst? That thrones are only made for the hated and the feared You would be a wonderful King -
cersei;Season 1;Im sorry your marriage to Ned Stark didnt work out You seemed so good together
robert;Season 1;Im glad I could do something to make you happy
cersei;Season 1;Without a Hand, everything will fall to pieces
robert;Season 1;I suppose this is where you tell me to give the job to your brother Jaime
cersei;Season 1;No Hes not serious enough Ill say this for Ned Stark hes serious enough Was it really worth it? Losing him this way?
robert;Season 1;I dont know But I do know this, if the Targaryen girl convinces her horse-lord husband to invade and the Dothraki horde crosses The Narrow Sea We wont be able to stop them
cersei;Season 1;The Dothraki dont sail Every child knows that They dont have discipline They dont have armor They dont have siege weapons
robert;Season 1;Its a neat little trick you do, you move your lips and your fathers voice comes out
cersei;Season 1;Is my father wrong?
robert;Season 1;Lets say Viserys Targaryen lands with forty thousand Dothraki screamers at his back We hole up in our castles, a wise move Only a fool would meet the Dothraki in an open field They leave us in our castles They go from town to town, looting and burning, killing every man who cant hide behind a stone wall, stealing all our crops and livestock, enslaving all our women and children How long do the people of the Seven Kingdoms stand behind their absentee King, their cowardly King hiding behind high walls? When do the people decide that Viserys Targaryen is the rightful monarch after all
cersei;Season 1;We still outnumber them
robert;Season 1;Which is the bigger number five or one?
cersei;Season 1;Five
robert;Season 1;Five one One army, a real army, united behind one leader with one purpose Our purpose died with the Mad King Now weve got as many armies as there are men with gold in their purse And everybody wants something different Your father wants to own the world Ned Stark wants to run away and bury his head in the snow
cersei;Season 1;What do you want?
robert;Season 1;We havent had a real fight in nine years Back-stabbing doesnt prepare you for a fight And thats all the realm is now, back-stabbing and scheming and arse-licking and money-grubbing Sometimes I dont know what holds it together
cersei;Season 1;Our marriage
robert;Season 1;Ah, so here we sit, seventeen years later, holding it all together Dont you get tired?
cersei;Season 1;Every day
robert;Season 1;How long can hate hold a thing together?
cersei;Season 1;Well, seventeen years is quite a long time
robert;Season 1;Yes, it is
cersei;Season 1;Yes, it tis What was she like?
robert;Season 1;Youve never asked about her, not once Why not?
cersei;Season 1;At first, just saying her name, even in private felt like I was breathing life back into her I thought if I didnt talk about her, shed just fade away for you When I realized that wasnt going to happen, I refused to ask out of spite I didnt want to give you the satisfaction of thinking I cared enough to ask And eventually it became clear that my spite didnt mean anything to you, as far as I could tell, you actually enjoyed it
robert;Season 1;So why now?
cersei;Season 1;What harm could Lyanna Starks ghost do to either of us that we havent done to each other a hundred times over?
robert;Season 1;You want to know the horrible truth? I cant even remember what she looked like I only know she was the one thing I ever wanted Someone took her away from me, and Seven Kingdoms couldnt fill the hole she left behind
cersei;Season 1;I felt something for you once, you know?
robert;Season 1;I know
cersei;Season 1;Even after we lost our first boy for quite a while, actually Was it ever possible for us? Was there ever a time, ever a moment?
robert;Season 1;No Does that make you feel better or worse?
cersei;Season 1;It doesnt make me feel anything -
mhaegen;Season 1;She looks like him, dont she, my Lord? She has his nose, his black hair
ned;Season 1;Aye
mhaegen;Season 1;Tell him when you see him, my Lord If it please you Tell him how beautiful she is
ned;Season 1;I will
mhaegen;Season 1;And tell him Ive been with no one else I swear it, my Lord, by the old gods and new I dont want no jewels or nothing, just him ing was always good to me
ned;Season 1;When Jon Arryn came to visit you, what did he want?
mhaegen;Season 1;He wasnt that sort of man, my Lord He just wanted to know if the child was happy, healthy
ned;Season 1;She looks healthy enough to me The girl shall want for nothing
littlefinger;Season 1;Brothels make a much better investment than ship, Ive found Whores rarely sink
ned;Season 1;What do you know of King Roberts bastards?
littlefinger;Season 1;Well, he has more than you, for a start
ned;Season 1;How many?
littlefinger;Season 1;Does it matter? If you fuck enough women, some of them will give you presents
ned;Season 1;And Jon Arryn tracked them all down Why?
littlefinger;Season 1;He was the Kings Hand Perhaps Robert wanted them looked after He was overcome with fatherly love
ned;Season 1;Come
ned;Season 1;Jory
jory cassel;Season 1;My Lord
jaime;Season 1;Such a small pack of wolves
jory cassel;Season 1;Stay back, Ser! This is the Hand of the King
jaime;Season 1;Was! the Hand of the King Now Im not sure what he is Lord of somewhere very far away
littlefinger;Season 1;Whats the meaning of this, Lannister?
jaime;Season 1;Get back inside where its safe Im looking for my brother You remember my brother, dont you, Lord Stark? Blond hair, sharp tongue, short man
ned;Season 1;I remember him well
jaime;Season 1;It seems he had some trouble on the road You wouldnt know what happened to him, would you?
ned;Season 1;He was taken at my command to answer for his crimes
littlefinger;Season 1;My Lords! Ill bring the City Watch
jaime;Season 1;Come, Stark Id rather you die sword in hand
jory cassel;Season 1;If you threaten my Lord again.
jaime;Season 1;Threaten? As in, Im going to open your Lord from balls to brains and see what Starks are made of”?
ned;Season 1;You kill me, your brothers a dead man
jaime;Season 1;Youre right Take him alive! Kill his men
ned;Season 1;Your pardon, your Grace
cersei;Season 1;Do you know what your wife has done?
ned;Season 1;She did nothing I did not command
robert;Season 1;Who’d have thought she had it in her?
cersei;Season 1;By what right dare you lay hands on my blood?
ned;Season 1;I am the King’s Hand
cersei;Season 1;You were the King’s Hand
ned;Season 1;trying to keep the peace
cersei;Season 1;You shall now be held accountable
robert;Season 1;Oh, will both of you shut your mouths? Catelyn will release Tyrion and you’ll make your peace with Jaime
ned;Season 1;He butchered my men
cersei;Season 1;Lord Stark was returning drunk from a brothel when his men attacked Jaime
robert;Season 1;Quiet, woman
ned;Season 1;Jaime has fled the city Give me leave to bring him back to justice
cersei;Season 1;I took you for a king
robert;Season 1;Hold your tongue
cersei;Season 1;He’s attacked my brother and abducted the other I should wear the armor and you the gown
cersei;Season 1;I shall wear this like a badge of honor
robert;Season 1;Wear it in silence or I’ll honor you again
robert;Season 1;See what she does to me? My loving wife I should not have hit her That was not That was not kingly
ned;Season 1;If we don’t act there will be a war
robert;Season 1;So tell your wife to return that little shit of an Imp to King’s Landing She’s had her fun, now put an end to it You hear me? Send a raven and put an end to it
ned;Season 1;And what about Jaime Lannister? What about Jaime?
robert;Season 1;I’m half a kingdom in debt to his bloody father I don’t know what happened between you and those yellow-haired shits I don’t want to know This is what matters I can’t rule the kingdoms if the Starks and the Lannisters are at each other’s throats, so enough
ned;Season 1;As you command your Grace With your leave, I will return to Winterfell and set matters straight
robert;Season 1;Piss on that! Send a raven I want you to stay I’m the king, I get what I want I never loved my brothers A sad thing for a man to admit, but it’s true You were the brother I chose We’ll talk when I return from the hunt
ned;Season 1;The hunt?
robert;Season 1;Killing things clears my head You’ll have to sit on the throne while I’m away You’ll hate it more than I do
ned;Season 1;The Targaryen girl
robert;Season 1;Seven hells! Don’t start with her again! The girl will die and I’ll hear no more of it Put on the badge And if you ever take it off again, I swear to the Mother I’ll pin the damn thing on Jaime Lannister -
irri;Season 1;Khaleesi?
irri;Season 1;Oh, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;You’re hurt -
robb;Season 1;Not too fast
bran;Season 1;Come on, Dancer
theon;Season 1;When are you gonna tell him?
robb;Season 1;Not now
theon;Season 1;Blood for blood You need to make the Lannisters to pay for Jory and the others
robb;Season 1;You’re talking about war
theon;Season 1;I’m talking about justice
robb;Season 1;Only the Lord of Winterfell can call in the bannermen and raise an army
theon;Season 1;A Lannister put his spear through your father’s leg ingslayer rides to Casterly Rock where no one can touch
robb;Season 1;You want me to march on Casterly Rock?
theon;Season 1;You’re not a boy anymore They attacked your father They’ve already started the war It’s your duty to represent your House when your father can’t
robb;Season 1;And it’s not your duty, because it’s not your House
robb;Season 1;Where’s Bran?
theon;Season 1;I don’t know It’s not my House
bran;Season 1;Robb?
osha;Season 1;All alone in the deep dark woods
bran;Season 1;I’m not alone, my brother is with me
wildling;Season 1;I don’t see him Got him hidden under your cloak?
osha;Season 1;Oh, that’s a pretty pin Silver
wildling;Season 1;We’ll take the pin And the horse Get down Be quick about it
bran;Season 1;I can’t The saddle, the straps
wildling;Season 1;What’s wrong with you? You some kind of cripple?
bran;Season 1;I’m Brandon Stark of Winterfell and if you don’t let me be, I’ll have you all killed
wildling;Season 1;Cut his little cock off and stuff it in his mouth
osha;Season 1;the boy’s worth nothing dead Benjen Stark’s own blood Think what Mance would give us
wildling;Season 1;Piss on Mance rayder and piss on the North We’re going as far south as south goes There ain’t no white walkers down in Dorne
robb;Season 1;Drop the knife Let him go and I’ll let you live.One of the Wildlings storms at Robb who evades an axe attack Robb counters, slicing the Wildling’s throat Osha charges Robb who tosses her spins her around by her hair He fights off and kills the other Wildling The Wilding in charge has Bran off of his horse with a knife at his throat, meanwhile Robb has Osha and a knife to her throat
bran;Season 1;Robb
wildling;Season 1;Shut up! Drop the blade
bran;Season 1;No, don’t
wildling;Season 1;Do it
robb;Season 1;Are you all right?
bran;Season 1;Yes, it doesn’t hurt
theon;Season 1;Tough little lad In the Iron Islands, you’re not a man until you’ve killed your first enemy Well done
robb;Season 1;Have you lost your mind? What if you’d missed?
theon;Season 1;He would have killed you and cut Bran’s throat
robb;Season 1;You don’t have the right
theon;Season 1;To what, to save your brother’s life? It was the only thing to do, so I did it
robb;Season 1;What about her?
osha;Season 1;Give me my life, my lord, and I’m yours
robb;Season 1;We’ll keep her alive -
tyrion;Season 1;Mord! Turnkey
mord;Season 1;Dwarf man making noise
tyrion;Season 1;How would you like to be rich?
mord;Season 1;Dwarf man still making noise
tyrion;Season 1;My family is rich We have gold, lots of gold I’m prepared to give you lots of gold
mord;Season 1;No gold
tyrion;Season 1;Well, I don’t have it here
mord;Season 1;No gold! Fuck off -
arya;Season 1;I don’t want to practice today
syrio forel;Season 1;No?
arya;Season 1;They killed Jory My father is hurt I don’t care about stupid wooden swords
syrio forel;Season 1;You are troubled
arya;Season 1;Yes
syrio forel;Season 1;Good! Trouble is the perfect time for training When you are dancing in the meadow with your dolls and kittens, this is not when fighting happens
arya;Season 1;I don’t like dolls and k
syrio forel;Season 1;You’re not here You’re with your trouble If you’re with your trouble when fighting happens
syrio forel;Season 1;More trouble for you Just so How can you be quick as a snake, or as quiet as a shadow, when you are somewhere else? You are fearing for your father, hmm? That is right Do you pray to the gods?
syrio forel;Season 1;The old and the new
syrio forel;Season 1;There is only one god And his name is death And there is only one thing we say to death Not today.” -
viserys;Season 1;She has to eat a whole heart? I hope that wasn’t my horse
jorah;Season 1;She’s doing well
viserys;Season 1;She’ll never keep it down
viserys;Season 1;Tell me what she is saying
jorah;Season 1;The prince is riding I have heard the thunder of the hooves Swift as the wind he rides His enemies will cower before him and their wives will weep tears of blood
jorah;Season 1;She’s going to have a boy
viserys;Season 1;He won’t be a real Targaryen He won’t be a true dragon
jora;Season 1;The stallion who mounts the world.” The stallion, is the khal of khals He shall unite the people into a single khalasar All the people of the world will be his herd
daenerys;Season 1;A prince rides inside me! And he shall be called Rhaego
viserys;Season 1;They love her
jorah;Season 1;She truly is a queen today
jorah;Season 1;Don’t let them see you carrying a sword in Vaes Dothrak You know the law
viserys;Season 1;It’s not my law
jorah;Season 1;They don’t belong to you
viserys;Season 1;Whatever is hers is also mine
jorah;Season 1;Once, perhaps
viserys;Season 1;If I sell one egg, I’ll have enough to buy a ship Two eggs a ship and an army
jorah;Season 1;And you have all three
viserys;Season 1;I need a large army I’m the last hope of a dynasty, Mormont The greatest dynasty this world has ever seen, on my shoulders since I was five years old and no one has ever given me what they gave to her in that tent Never Not a piece of it How can I carry what I need to carry without it? Hmm? Who can rule without wealth, or fear, or love? Oh, you stand there, all nobility and honor You don’t think I see you looking at my little sister, hmm? Don’t think I know what you want? I don’t care You can have her She can be queen of the savages and dine on the finest bloody horseparts, and you can dine on whichever parts of her you like But let me go
jorah;Season 1;You can go, but you can’t have the eggs
viserys;Season 1;You swore an oath to me Does loyalty mean nothing to you?
jorah;Season 1;It means everything to me
viserys;Season 1;And yet here you stand?
jorah;Season 1;And here I stand -
tyrion;Season 1;Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord
mord;Season 1;Noise again
tyrion;Season 1;About the gold
mord;Season 1;No gold
tyrion;Season 1;Listen to me! Listen to me! Sometimes possession is an abstract concept When they captured me they took my purse, but the gold is still mine
mord;Season 1;Where?
tyrion;Season 1;Where? I don’t know where, but when they free me
mord;Season 1;You want free? Go be free
tyrion;Season 1;Have you ever heard the phrase Rich as a Lannister”? Of course you have You’re a smart man You know who the Lannisters are I am a Lannister Tyrion, son of Tywin! And of course, you have also heard the phrase, a Lannister always pays his debts.” If you deliver a message from me to Lady Arryn, I will be in your debt I will owe you gold If you deliver the message and I live, which I very much intend to do
mord;Season 1;What message?
tyrion;Season 1;Tell her I wish to confess my crimes
lysa arryn;Season 1;You wish to confess your crimes?
tyrion;Season 1;Yes, my lady I do, my lady
lysa arryn;Season 1;Skycells always break them Speak, Imp Meet your gods as an honest man
tyrion;Season 1;Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I’m a vile man, I confess it My crimes and sins are beyond counting I have lied and cheated, gambled and whored I’m not particularly good at violence, but I’m good at convincing others to do violence for me You want specifics, I suppose When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river I stole her robe She was forced to return to the castle, naked and in tears I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle’s boots with goatshit When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire Poor boy was flogged and I escaped justice When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew I flogged the one-eyed snake I skinned my sausage I made the bald man cry into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate At least I hope she did I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel
lysa arryn;Season 1;Silence
robin arryn;Season 1;What happened next?
lysa arryn;Season 1;What do you think you’re doing?
tyrion;Season 1;Confessing my crimes
catelyn;Season 1;"Lord Tyrion, you are accused of hiring a man to slay my son Bran in his bed, and of conspiring to murder my sister’s husband; Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King"
tyrion;Season 1;Oh, I’m very sorry I don’t know anything about all that
lysa arryn;Season 1;You’ve had your little joke I trust you enjoyed it Mord, take him back to the dungeon But this time find a smaller cell, with a steeper floor
tyrion;Season 1;Is this how justice is done in the Vale? you accuse me of crimes, I deny them, so you throw me in a cell to freeze and starve? Where is the King’s Justice? I’m accused and demand a trial
lysa arryn;Season 1;If you’re tried and found guilty, then by the king’s own laws you will pay with your life
tyrion;Season 1;I understand the law
lysa arryn;Season 1;We have no executioner in the Eyrie Life is more elegant here Open the Moon Door
lysa arryn;Season 1;You want a trial, my Lord Lannister Very well My son will listen to whatever you have to say, and you will hear his judgement Then you will leave, by one door or the other
tyrion;Season 1;No need to bother Lord Robin I demand a trial by combat
lysa arryn;Season 1;You have that right
knight;Season 1;My lady, I beg the honor Let me be your champion
knight;Season 1;The honor should be mine For the love I bore your lord husband let me avenge his death
knight;Season 1;I’ll fight for you, my Lady
knight;Season 1;It’ll be my honor
knight;Season 1;The honor should be mine
robin arryn;Season 1;Make the bad man fly
lysa arryn;Season 1;You’re quiet Did you want to avenge my husband?
ser vardis;Season 1;With all my heart, my Lady But the Imp is half my size It would be shameful to slaughter such a man and call it justice
tyrion;Season 1;Agreed
lysa arryn;Season 1;You demanded a trial by combat
tyrion;Season 1;Now I demand a champion I have that right, same as you
ser vardis;Season 1;My Lady, I would gladly fight the Imp’s champion for you
tyrion;Season 1;I wouldn’t be too glad, ser I name my brother, Jaime Lannister
lysa arryn;Season 1;ingslayer is hundreds of miles from here
tyrion;Season 1;Send a raven for him, I’m happy to wait
lysa arryn;Season 1;The trial will be today
tyrion;Season 1;Do I have a volunteer?
tyrion;Season 1;Anyone? Anyone?
lysa arryn;Season 1;I think that we can assume that no one is willing
bronn;Season 1;I’ll stand for the dwarf -
lancel;Season 1;More wine, your Grace?
robert;Season 1;Oh, what was I saying?
renly;Season 1;A simpler time
robert;Season 1;It was! It was You’re too young to remember Wasn’t it, Selmy?
barriston;Season 1;It was, your Grace
robert;Season 1;The enemy was right there in the open, vicious as you like, all but sending you a bloody invitation Nothing like today
renly;Season 1;Sounds exhilarating
robert;Season 1;Exhilarating, yes Not as exhilarating as those balls and masquerades you like to throw You ever fucked a Riverlands girl?
renly;Season 1;Once, I think
robert;Season 1;You think? I think you’d remember Back in our day, you weren’t a real man until you fucked a girl from each of the Seven Kingdoms and the Riverlands We called it making the eight
renly;Season 1;Those were some lucky girls
robert;Season 1;You ever make the eight, Barristan?
barristan selmy;Season 1;I don’t believe so, your Grace
robert;Season 1;Those were the days
renly;Season 1;What days were those? The ones where half of Westeros fought the other half and millions died? Or before that, when the Mad King slaughtered women and babies because the voices in his head told him they deserved it? Or way before that when dragons burned whole cities to the ground?
robert;Season 1;Easy, boy You might be my brother, but you’re speaking to the King
renly;Season 1;I suppose it was all rather heroic If you were drunk enough and had some poor Riverlands whore to shove your price inside and make the eight
lancel;Season 1;More wine, your Grace? -
man;Season 1;They burned most everything in the Riverlands, our fields, our granaries, our homes They took our women and then they took em again When they was done, they butchered them as if they was animals They covered our children in pitch and lit them on fire
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Brigands, most likely
man;Season 1;They weren’t thieves, they didn’t steal nothing They even left something behind, your Grace
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;It’s the King’s Hand you’re addressing, not the king The king is hunting
littlefinger;Season 1;Fish The sigil of House Tully Isn’t that your wife’s House Tully my Lord Hand?
ned;Season 1;These men, were they flying a sigil? A banner
man;Season 1;None, your Hand The one who was leading them Taller by a foot than any man I’ve ever met, saw him cut the blacksmith, saw him take the head off a horse with a single swing of his sword
littlefinger;Season 1;That sounds like someone we know The Mountain
ned;Season 1;You’re describing Ser Gregor Clegane
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Why should Ser Gregor turn brigand? The man is an anointed knight
littlefinger;Season 1;I’ve heard him called Tywin Lannister’s mad dog.” I’m sure you have as well Can you think of any reason the Lannisters might possibly have for being angry with your wife?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;If the Lannisters were to order attacks on villages under the king’s protection, it would be
littlefinger;Season 1;It would be almost as brazen as attacking the Hand of the King in the streets of the capital
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Wel
ned;Season 1;I cannot give you back your homes or restore your dead to life But perhaps I can give you justice in the name of our king, Robert Lord Beric Dondarrion
ned;Season 1;You shall have the command Assemble 100 men and ride to Ser Gregor’s keep
beric dondarrion;Season 1;As you command
ned;Season 1;In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of his Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, I charge you to bring the king’s justice to the false knight Gregor Clegane and all those who shared in his crimes I denounce him and attaint him I strip him of all ranks and titles of all lands and holdings, and sentence him to death
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;My lord This This is a drastic action It would be better to wait for King Robert’s return
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;My Lord
ned;Season 1;Send a raven to Casterly Rock Inform Tywin Lannister that he has been summoned to court to answer for the crimes of his bannermen He will arrive within the fortnight, or be branded an enemy of the crown and a traitor to the realm
littlefinger;Season 1;A bold move, my Lord, and admirable But is it wise to yank the lion’s tail? Tywin Lannister is the richest man in all the Seven Kingdoms Gold wins wars, not soldiers
ned;Season 1;Then how come Robert is king and not Tywin Lannister? -
robin arryn;Season 1;Is it over?
lysa arryn;Season 1;You don’t fight with honor
bronn;Season 1;No
robin arryn;Season 1;Can I make the little man fly now?
tyrion;Season 1;Not this little man This little man is going home I believe you have something of mine
tyrion;Season 1;A Lannister always pays his debts -
mordane;Season 1;You wear your hair like a real southern lady now
sansa;Season 1;Well, why shouldn’t I? We’re in the south
mordane;Season 1;It’s important to remember where you come from I’m not sure your mother would like these new styles
sansa;Season 1;My mother isn’t from the North
mordane;Season 1;I’m aware of that
sansa;Season 1;Why do you care? Do you even have hair under there?
mordane;Season 1;Yes I have hair
sansa;Season 1;I’ve never seen it
mordane;Season 1;Would you like to?
sansa;Season 1;No Where are you from anyway, the north or the south?
mordane;Season 1;I come from a very small village in
sansa;Season 1;Oh, wait I just realized I don’t care
mordane;Season 1;Sansa
sansa;Season 1;Septa
mordane;Season 1;Now you are being rude
mordane;Season 1;My prince
sansa;Season 1;My prince
joffrey;Season 1;My lady I fear I have behaved monstrously the past few weeks With your permission?
sansa;Season 1;It’s beautiful Like the one your mother wears
joffrey;Season 1;You’ll be queen one day, it’s only fitting that you should look the part Will you forgive me for my rudeness?
sansa;Season 1;There’s nothing to forgive
joffrey;Season 1;You’re my lady One day we’ll be married in the throne room Lords and ladies from all over the Seven Kingdoms will come, from the last hearth in the North, to the salt shore of the south And you will be queen over all of them I’ll never disrespect you again I’ll never be cruel to you again Do you understand me? You’re my lady now, from this day, until my last day -
theon;Season 1;Stop! Stop! What are you doing?
ros;Season 1;Going to King’s Landing
theon;Season 1;In a turnip cart?
ros;Season 1;I’ll find a ship heading south in White Harbor
theon;Season 1;And you can afford that?
ros;Season 1;Some of my friends are more generous than others
theon;Season 1;There’s a thousand girls like you in King’s Landing
ros;Season 1;I’ll have lots of company
theon;Season 1;Yes, you’ll be very popular until some fat lord comes to visit with a big belly and a little prick and he can’t get it up so he knocks all your teeth out
ros;Season 1;And what will happen to me if I stay here? Will I become Lady Greyjoy, Mistress of the Iron Islands?
theon;Season 1;Don’t be a fool
ros;Season 1;I hear Jaime Lannister attacked Lord Stark in the streets of King’s Landing Every man for a hundred miles will be marching off to war soon and most of them will never come back, there’s nothing more for me here Let’s go, Steffon
theon;Season 1;Let me see it one more time?
ros;Season 1;See what?
theon;Season 1;I’m going to miss you
ros;Season 1;I know -
ned;Season 1;I’m sending you both back to Winterfell
sansa;Season 1;What?
ned;Season 1;Listen
sansa;Season 1;What about Joffrey?
arya;Season 1;Are you dying because of your leg? Is that why you’re sending us home?
ned;Season 1;What? No
sansa;Season 1;Please, Father Please don’t
arya;Season 1;You can’t I’ve got my lessons with Syrio I’m finally getting good
ned;Season 1;This isn’t a punishment I want you back in Winterfell for your own safety
arya;Season 1;Can’t we take Syrio back with us?
sansa;Season 1;Who cares about your stupid dancing teacher? I can’t go I’m supposed to marry Prince Joffrey I love him and I’m meant to be his queen and have his babies
arya;Season 1;Seven hells
ned;Season 1;When you’re old enough, I’ll make you a match with someone who’s worthy of you, someone who’s brave and gentle and strong
sansa;Season 1;I don’t want someone brave and gentle and strong I want him! He’ll be the greatest king that ever was, a golden lion, and I’ll give him sons with beautiful blond hair
arya;Season 1;The lion’s not his sigil, idiot He’s a stag, like his father
sansa;Season 1;He is not He’s nothing like that old drunk king
ned;Season 1;Go on, girls Get your septa and start packing your things
sansa;Season 1;Wait
arya;Season 1;Come on
sansa;Season 1;It’s not fair
ned;Season 1;Lord Orys Baratheon, black of hair.” Axel Baratheon, black of hair.” Lyonel Baratheon, black of hair.” Steffon Baratheon, black of hair.” Robert Baratheon, black of hair.” Joffrey Baratheon golden-haired.” -
viserys;Season 1;Daenerys! Where’s my sister?
daenerys;Season 1;Stop him
viserys;Season 1;Where is she? I’m here for the feast The whore’s feast
jorah;Season 1;Come
viserys;Season 1;Get your hands off me! No one touches the dragon
viserys;Season 1;! I’m here for the feast
jorah;Season 1;Khal Drogo says there is a place for you Back there
viserys;Season 1;That is no place for a king
khal drogo;Season 1;You are no king
viserys;Season 1;Keep away from me
daenerys;Season 1;Viserys, please
viserys;Season 1;There she is
jorah;Season 1;Put the sword down They’ll kill us all
viserys;Season 1;They can’t kill us They can’t shed blood in their sacred city But I can I want what I came for I want the crown he promised me He bought you But he never paid for you
viserys;Season 1;Tell him I want what was bargained for or I’m taking you back He can keep the baby I’ll cut it out and leave it for him
viserys;Season 1;What’s he saying?
daenerys;Season 1;He says yes You shall have a golden crown, that men shall tremble to behold
viserys;Season 1;That was all I wanted W-what was promised
viserys;Season 1;No! You cannot touch me! I am the dragon! I am the dragon! I want my crown! Ahh
jorah;Season 1;Look away Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;No
viserys;Season 1;No Dany! Dany, tell them, make them! You can’t
viserys;Season 1;Dany please
khal drogo;Season 1;A crown for a king
jorah;Season 1;Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;He was no dragon Fire cannot kill a dragon
jaime;Season 1;Summoned to court to answer for the crimes of your bannerman Gregor Clegane, the Mountain Uh, arrive within the fortnight or be branded an enemy of the Crown Poor Ned Stark Brave man, terrible judgment
tywin;Season 1;Attacking him was stupid
tywin;Season 1;Lannisters dont act like fools Are you gonna say something clever? Go on, say something clever
jaime;Season 1;Catelyn Stark took my brother
tywin;Season 1;Why is he still alive?
jaime;Season 1;Tyrion?
tywin;Season 1;Ned Stark
jaime;Season 1;One of our men interfered, speared him through the leg before I could finish him
tywin;Season 1;Why is he still alive?
jaime;Season 1;It wouldnt have been clean
tywin;Season 1;Clean.
tywin;Season 1;You spend too much time worrying about what other people think of you
jaime;Season 1;I could care less what anyone thinks of me
tywin;Season 1;Now thats what you want people to think of you
jaime;Season 1;Its the truth
tywin;Season 1;When you hear them whispering Kingslayer behind your back, doesnt it bother you?
jaime;Season 1;Of course it bothers me
tywin;Season 1;The lion doesnt concern himself with the opinions of the sheep I suppose I should be grateful that your vanity got in the way of your recklessness Im giving you half of our forces 30,000 men You will bring them to Catelyn Starks girlhood home and remind her that Lannisters pay their debts
jaime;Season 1;I didnt realize you placed such a high value on my brothers life
tywin;Season 1;Hes a Lannister He might be the lowest of the Lannisters, but hes one of us And every day that he remains a prisoner, the less our name commands respect
jaime;Season 1;So the lion does concern himself with the opinions of
tywin;Season 1;No, its not an opinion, its a fact! If another House can seize one of our own and hold him captive with impunity, we are no longer a House to be feared Your mothers dead Before long Ill be dead And you and your brother and your sister and all of her children All of us dead, all of us rotting in the ground Its the family name that lives on Its all that lives on Not your personal glory, not your honor, but family Do you understand?
tywin;Season 1;Hmm Youre blessed with abilities that few men possess You are blessed to belong to the most powerful family in the kingdoms And you are still blessed with youth And what have you done with these blessings, huh? Youve served as a glorified bodyguard for two kings One a madman, the other a drunk The future of our family will be determined in these next few months We could establish a dynasty that will last a thousand years Or we could collapse into nothing, as the Targaryens did I need you to become a man you were always meant to be Not next year Not tomorrow Now
cersei;Season 1;Youre in pain
ned;Season 1;Ive had worse, my lady
cersei;Season 1;Perhaps its time to go home
ned;Season 1;The South doesnt seem to agree with you
ned;Season 1;I know the truth Jon Arryn died for
cersei;Season 1;Do you, Lord Stark? Is that why you called me here, to pose me riddles?
ned;Season 1;Has he done this before?
cersei;Season 1;Jaime would have killed him
cersei;Season 1;My brother is worth a thousand of your friend
ned;Season 1;Your brother Or your lover?
cersei;Season 1;The Targaryens wed brothers and sisters for 300 years to keep bloodlines pure
cersei;Season 1;Jaime and I are more than brother and sister We shared a womb We came into this world together We belong together
ned;Season 1;My son saw you with him
cersei;Season 1;Do you love your children?
ned;Season 1;With all my heart
cersei;Season 1;No more than I love mine
ned;Season 1;And they are all Jaimes
cersei;Season 1;Thank the Gods In the rare event that Robert leaves his whores for long enough to stumble drunk into my bed, I finish him off in other ways In the morning, he doesnt remember
ned;Season 1;Youve always hated him
cersei;Season 1;Hated him? I worshiped him Every girl in the Seven Kingdoms dreamed of him, but he was mine by oath And when I finally saw him on our wedding day in the Sept of Baelor, lean and fierce and black-bearded, it was the happiest moment of my life Then that night he crawled on top of me, stinking of wine and did what he did, what little he could do, and whispered in my ear, Lyanna Your sister was a corpse and I was a living girl and he loved her more than me
ned;Season 1;When the King returns from his hunt, Ill tell him the truth You must be gone by then You and your children I will not have their blood on my hands Go as far away as you can, with as many men as you can Because wherever you go, Roberts wrath will follow you
cersei;Season 1;And what of my wrath, Lord Stark? You should have taken the realm for yourself Jaime told me about the day Kings Landing fell He was sitting in the Iron Throne and you made him give it up All you needed to do was climb the steps yourself Such a sad mistake
ned;Season 1;Ive made many mistakes in my life, but that wasnt one of them
cersei;Season 1;Oh, but it was When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die There is no middle ground
ros;Season 1;Come here Oh yes, oh Oh yes yes yes
littlefinger;Season 1;No no no no! Is that what they teach you up in the North? And you wherever youre from, do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound? Either of you understand a thing that Im saying?
ros;Season 1;Yes, My Lord
littlefinger;Season 1;Lets start over, shall we? You be the man and you be the woman Well, go ahead Slowly Youre not fooling them They just paid you They know what you are They know its all just an act Your job is to make them forget what they know That takes time You need to Ease into it Go ahead Ease into it Hes winning you over in spite of yourself Youre starting to like this He wants to believe you Hes enjoyed his cock since he was old enough to play with it Why shouldnt you? He knows hes better than other men Hes always known it deep down inside Now he has proof Hes so good, hes reaching something deep inside of you that no one even knew was there Overcoming your very nature
ros;Season 1;Why dont you join us, My Lord?
littlefinger;Season 1;Im saving myself for another
ros;Season 1;What she doesnt know wont hurt her
littlefinger;Season 1;A stupid saying What we dont know is usually what gets us killed
ros;Season 1;She must be very beautiful
littlefinger;Season 1;No, not really Impeccable bloodlines though
ros;Season 1;I do believe my lords in love
littlefinger;Season 1;For many years Most of my life really Play with her ass And she loved me too I was her little confidant, her plaything She could tell me anything, anything at all She told me about all the horses that she liked The castle she wanted to live in and the man that she wanted to marry A northerner with a jaw like an anvil So I challenged him to a duel I mean, why not? Id read all the stories The little hero always beats the big villain in all the stories In the end, she wouldnt even let him kill me Hes just a boy , she said Please dont hurt him So he gave me a nice little scar to remember him by, and off they went
ros;Season 1;Is she still married to him?
littlefinger;Season 1;Oh no He got himself killed before the wedding And she ended up with his brother, an even more impressive specimen She loves him, Im afraid And why wouldnt she? I mean, who could compare to him? Hes just so good Do you know what I learned, losing that duel? I learned that Ill never win Not that way Thats their game, their rules Im not going to fight them Im going to fuck them Thats what I know Thats what I am And only by admitting what we are can we get what we want
ros;Season 1;And what do you want?
littlefinger;Season 1;Oh, everything, my dear Everything there is Now wash yourselves Both of you are working tonight Hmm
sraw theon;Season 1;Youre a very lucky girl Do you know that? Where I come from, we dont show mercy to criminals Where I come from, if someone like you attacked a little lord, at low tide wed lay you on your back on the beach, your hands and feet chained to four stakes The sea would come in closer and closer Youd see death creeping toward you a few inches at a time
osha;Season 1;Where is it you come from?
theon;Season 1;The Iron Islands
osha;Season 1;They far away?
theon;Season 1;Youve never heard of the Iron Islands?
osha;Season 1;Trust me, youve never heard where Im from neither
theon;Season 1;Trust me, My Lord Youre not living in the wilderness anymore In civilized lands, you refer to your betters by their proper titles
osha;Season 1;And whats that?
theon;Season 1;Lord
osha;Season 1;Why?
theon;Season 1;Why? What do you mean why? My father is Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands
osha;Season 1;Whats that got to do with you? If your fathers lord, how can you be lord too?
theon;Season 1;I will be lord after my father
osha;Season 1;So youre not lord now?
theon;Season 1;No, you You having a go at me? Is that it?
osha;Season 1;I just dont understand how you Southerners do things
theon;Season 1;Im not a Southerner
osha;Season 1;Youre from South of the wall That makes you a Southerner to me
theon;Season 1;Youre an impudent little wench, arent you?
osha;Season 1;Couldnt say, My Lord Dont know what impunent means
theon;Season 1;Impudent It means rude Disrespectful Do you want to lose that chain?
maester luwin;Season 1;! The lady is our guest
theon;Season 1;I thought she was our prisoner
maester luwin;Season 1;Are the two mutually exclusive in your experience?
maester luwin;Season 1;Chances are I wont be nearby the next time that happens
osha;Season 1;Im used to worse than him
osha;Season 1;Im used to men who could chew that boy up and pick their teeth with his bones
maester luwin;Season 1;Why did you come here?
osha;Season 1;Didnt mean to come here Meant to get much further South than this As far South as South goes, before the long night comes
maester luwin;Season 1;Why? What are you afraid of?
osha;Season 1;Theres things that sleep in the day and hunt at night
maester luwin;Season 1;Owls and Shadowcats and.
osha;Season 1;Im not talking about Owls and Shadowcats
maester luwin;Season 1;The things you speak of theyve been gone for thousands of years
osha;Season 1;They wasnt gone, old man They was sleeping And they aint sleeping no more
sam;Season 1;I miss girls Not even talking to them I never talked to them Just looking at them, hearing them giggle Dont you miss girls? Riders The horn We have to blow the horn
jon;Season 1;Why is he alone?
sam;Season 1;One blast for a Ranger returning, two for Wildlings, three for.
jon;Season 1;Theres no rider
night watch stable boy;Season 1;Whoa, boy, whoa
jon;Season 1;Thats my Uncle Benjens horse Wheres my Uncle?
renly;Season 1;Ned! Its Robert We were hunting a boar.
robert;Season 1;I should have spent more time with you, shown you how to be a man I was never meant to be a father Go on You dont want to see this
robert;Season 1;My fault Too much wine, missed my thrust It stinks It stinks like death Dont think I cant smell it I paid the bastard back, Ned I drove my knife right through his brain You ask them if I didnt Ask them! I want the funeral feast to be the biggest the Kingdoms ever saw And I want everyone to taste the boar that got me Now leave us, the lot of you I need to talk to Ned
cersei;Season 1;Robert, my sweet.
robert;Season 1;Out, all of you
ned;Season 1;You damned fool
robert;Season 1;Paper and ink on the table, write down what I say In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, first of you know how it goes Fill in the damn titles I hereby command Eddard of House Stark titles, titles To serve as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm upon my death To rule in my stead, until my son Joffrey comes of age Give it over
robert;Season 1;Give it to the council after Im dead At least theyll say I did this right, this one thing Youll rule now Youll hate it worse than I did, but youll do it well The girl, Daenerys You were right Varys, Littlefinger, my brother Worthless No one to tell me no but you Only you Let her live Stop it, if its not too late
ned;Season 1;I will
robert;Season 1;And my son Help him, Ned Make him better than me
ned;Season 1;Ill, Ill do everything I can to honor your memory
robert;Season 1;My memory King Robert Baratheon, murdered by a pig Give me something for the pain and let me die
ned;Season 1;Give him milk of the poppy
barristan selmy;Season 1;He was reeling from the wine He commanded us to step aside, but I failed him
ned;Season 1;No man could have protected him from himself
varys;Season 1;I wonder, Ser Barristan, who gave the king this wine?
barristan selmy;Season 1;His squire, from the kings own skin
ned;Season 1;His squire? The Lannister boy?
varys;Season 1;Such a dutiful boy to make sure his Grace did not lack refreshment I do hope the poor lad does not blame himself
ned;Season 1;His Grace has had a change of heart concerning Daenerys Targaryen Whatever arrangements you made, unmake them At once
varys;Season 1;Im afraid those birds have flown.The girl is likely dead already
khal drogo;Season 1;The stallion who mounts the world, has no need for iron chairs
daenerys;Season 1;According to the prophecy, the stallions will ride to the ends of the world
khal drogo;Season 1;The earth ends at the black salt sea No horse can cross the poison water
daenerys;Season 1;The earth does not end at the sea, there are many dirts beyond the sea The dirt where I was born
khal drogo;Season 1;Not dirt Lands
daenerys;Season 1;Lands, yes There are thousands of ships in the free cities Wooden horses that fly across the sea
khal drogo;Season 1;Lets speak no more of wooden horses and iron chairs
daenerys;Season 1;Its not a chair Its a.
thronekhal drogo;Season 1;Throne?
daenerys;Season 1;A chair for a King to sit upon, or a Queen
khal drogo;Season 1;A King does not need a chair to sit upon He only needs a horse
daenerys;Season 1;Cant you help me make him understand?
jorah;Season 1;The Dothraki do things in their own time, for their own reasons Have patience, Khaleesi We will go home, I promise you
daenerys;Season 1;My brother was a fool, I know, but he was the rightful heir to the Seven Kingdoms Have I said something funny, Ser?
jorah;Season 1;Forgive me, Khaleesi, but your ancestor Aegon the Conqueror didnt seize six of the kingdoms because they were his right He had no right to them He seized them because he could
daenerys;Season 1;And because he had dragons
jorah;Season 1;Ah well, having a few dragons makes things easier
daenerys;Season 1;You dont believe it
jorah;Season 1;Have you ever seen a dragon, Khaleesi? I believe what my eyes and ears report As for the rest It was 300 years ago Who knows what really happened? Now if youll pardon me, Ill seek out the merchant Captain, see if he has any letters for me
daenerys;Season 1;Well, Ill come with you
jorah;Season 1;No no, dont trouble yourself Enjoy the market Ill rejoin you soon enough
little bird;Season 1;Psst, Jorah the Andal The spider sends his greetings and his congratulations A royal pardon You can go home now
wine merchant;Season 1;Virzetha gizikhven! Mra qora! Mra qora
daenerys;Season 1;My son already has his name, but Ill try your summerwine Just a taste
wine merchant;Season 1;My Lady, you are from Westeros
doreah;Season 1;You have the honor of addressing Daenerys of the House Targaryen Khaleesi of the riding men and princess of the Seven Kingdoms
wine merchant;Season 1;Princess
daenerys;Season 1;Rise Id still like to taste that wine
wine merchant;Season 1;That? Dornish swill Not worthy of a princess I have a dry red from the Arbor Nectar of the Gods Let me give you a cask Uh a gift
daenerys;Season 1;You honor me, Ser
wine merchant;Season 1;The honor the honor is all mine
rakharo;Season 1;Huh-uh, huh-uh
wine merchant;Season 1;You know there are many in your homeland that pray for your return, princess
daenerys;Season 1;I hope to repay your kindness someday
rakharo;Season 1;Huh
daenerys;Season 1;Is something wrong?
jorah;Season 1;I have a thirst Open it
wine merchant;Season 1;The wine is for the Khaleesi Its not for the likes of you
jorah;Season 1;Open it
jorah;Season 1;Pour
wine merchant;Season 1;It would be a crime to drink a wine this rich without at least giving it time to breathe
daenerys;Season 1;Do as he says
wine merchant;Season 1;As the princess commands
wine merchant;Season 1;Sweet, isnt it? Can you smell the fruit, Ser? Taste it, My Lord Tell me that that is not the finest wine that has ever touched your tongue
jorah;Season 1;You first
wine merchant;Season 1;Me? Im afraid I am not worthy of the vintage Besides, it is a poor wine merchant who would drink up his own wares
daenerys;Season 1;You will drink
doreah;Season 1;Khaleesi! Stop him
jorah;Season 1;Come Not much, really But theres food
jeor;Season 1;Here you begin anew A man of The Nights Watch lives his life for the realm Not for a king, or a lord, or the honor of this house or that house Not for gold nor glory nor a womans love But for the realm! And all the people in it Youve all learned the words of the vow Think carefully before you say them The penalty for desertion, is death You can take your vows here tonight, at sunset Do any of you still keep the old Gods?
jon;Season 1;I do, my lord
jeor;Season 1;Youll want to take your vow before a heart tree as your Uncle did
jon;Season 1;Yes, my lord
jeor;Season 1;Youll find a Weirwood a mile North of the Wall And your old Gods too, maybe
sam;Season 1;my lord, might I go as well?
jeor;Season 1;Does house Tarly keep the old Gods?
sam;Season 1;No, my lord I was named in the light of the Seven, as my father was and his father before him.Alliser ThorneL Why would you forsake the Gods of your father and your house?
sam;Season 1;The Nights Watch is my house now The Seven have never answered my prayers Perhaps the old Gods will
jeor;Season 1;As you wish, lad Youve all been assigned an order, according to our needs and your strengths Halder to the builders Pyp to the stewards Toad to the builders Grenn to the Rangers Samwell to the stewards Matthar to the Rangers Dareon to the stewards Balian to the Rangers Rast to the Rangers Jon to the stewards Rancer to the builders Echiel to the builders Gordo to the stewards Niko to the Rangers Escan to the Rangers Vorkoy to the builders Joby to the stables Mink to the kitchens Allo to the builders Nelugo to the Rangers May all the Gods preserve you
jaremy rykker;Season 1;Rangers with me
othell yarwyck;Season 1;Builders
maester aemon;Season 1;Samwell, you will assist me in the rookery and library Pyp, you will report to Bowen Marsh in the kitchens Luke, report to one-eyed Joe in the stables Dareon, we are sending you to Eastwatch Present yourself to Borcas when you arrive Make no comment about his nose , Lord Commander Mormont has requested you for his personal steward
jon;Season 1;Will I serve the Lord Commanders meals and fetch hot water for his bath
maester aemon;Season 1;Certainly And keep a fire burning in his chambers Change his sheets and blankets daily and do everything else the Lord Commander requires of you
jon;Season 1;Do you take me for a servant?
maester aemon;Season 1;We took you for a man of The Nights Watch But perhaps we were wrong in that
jon;Season 1;May I go?
maester aemon;Season 1;As you wish
sam;Season 1;Jon, wait! Dont you see what theyre doing?
jon;Season 1;I see Ser Allisers revenge, thats all He wanted it and he got it Stewards are nothing but maids! Im a better swordsman and rider than any of you! Its not fair
pypar;Season 1;Fair? I was singing for a high lord at Acorn Hall when he put his hand on my leg and he wanted to see my cock I pushed him away and he said hed have my hands cut off for stealing their silver So now Im here At the end of the world with no one to sing for, but old men and little shits like you Ill never see my family again Ill never be inside a woman again So dont tell me about fair
sam;Season 1;I thought you were caught stealing a wheel of cheese for your starving sister?
pypar;Season 1;You think I was gonna tell a bunch of strangers that a high lord tried to grab my cock?
sam;Season 1;Could you sing me a song, Pyp? Id like to hear a song
sam;Season 1;Now listen to me The old man is the Lord Commander of The Nights Watch Youll be with him day and night Yes, youll clean his clothes.But youll also take his letters, attend him at meetings, squire for him in battle Youll know everything, be part of everything And he asked for you himself He wants to groom you for command
jon;Season 1;I just, I always wanted to be a Ranger
sam;Season 1;I always wanted to be a Wizard What? No, Im serious So youll stay and say your words with me?
renly;Season 1;She wont care Give me an hour and I can put a hundred swords at your command
ned;Season 1;And what should I do with a hundred swords?
renly;Season 1;Strike! Tonight while the castle sleeps We must get Joffrey away from his mother and into our custody Protector of the Realm or no, he who holds the King holds the Kingdom Every moment you delay gives Cersei another moment to prepare By the time Robert dies, it will be too late for the both of us
ned;Season 1;What about Stannis?
renly;Season 1;Saving the Seven Kingdoms from Cersei and delivering them to Stannis? You have odd notions about protecting the realm
ned;Season 1;Stannis is your older brother
renly;Season 1;This isnt about the bloody line of succession That didnt matter when you rebelled against the Mad King It shouldnt matter now Whats best for the Kingdoms? Whats best for the people we rule? We all know what Stannis is He inspires no love or loyalty Hes not a King I am
ned;Season 1;Stannis is a commander Hes led men into war twice He destroyed the Greyjoy fleet
renly;Season 1;Yes, hes a good soldier Everyone knows that So was Robert
tell me something;Season 1;Do you still believe good soldiers make good kings?
ned;Season 1;I will not dishonor Roberts last hours by shedding blood in his halls and dragging frightened children from their beds
ned;Season 1;You will sail to dragonstone tonight You will place this in the hand of Stannis Baratheon Not his steward, not his Captain of the guard, and not his wife Only Stannis himself
tomard;Season 1;Yes, My Lord
ned;Season 1;Now leave us
littlefinger;Season 1;My Lord protector
ned;Season 1;ing has no true born sons Joffrey and Tommen are Jaime Lannisters bastards
littlefinger;Season 1;So when the King dies.
ned;Season 1;The throne passes to his brother Lord Stannis
littlefinger;Season 1;So it would seem Unless.
ned;Season 1;There is no unless He is the rightful heir Nothing can change that
littlefinger;Season 1;And he cannot take the throne without your help You would be wise to deny it to him and to make sure Joffrey succeeds
ned;Season 1;Do you have a shred of honor?
littlefinger;Season 1;You are now Hand of the King and Protector of the Realm All of the power is yours You need only reach out and take it Make peace with the Lannisters Release the Imp Wed your daughter to Joffrey We have plenty of time to get rid of Stannis And if Joffrey seems likely to cause problems when he comes into his throne, we simply reveal his little secret and seat Lord Renly there instead
ned;Season 1;We?
littlefinger;Season 1;Youll need someone to share these burdens I assure you, my price would be modest
ned;Season 1;What you suggest is treason
littlefinger;Season 1;Only if we lose
ned;Season 1;Make peace with the Lannisters, you say With the people who tried to murder my boy
ned;Season 1;No I wont do it
littlefinger;Season 1;So it will be Stannis and war?
ned;Season 1;There is no other choice He is the heir
littlefinger;Season 1;So why did you call me here? Not for my wisdom, clearly
ned;Season 1;You promised Catelyn you would help me The Queen has a dozen knights and a hundred men-at-arms Enough to overwhelm what remains of my household guard I need the gold cloaks The City Watch is 2,000 strong and sworn to defend the Kings peace
littlefinger;Season 1;Look at you You know what you want me to do You know it has to be done, but its not honorable so the words stick in your throat When the Queen proclaims one King and the Hand proclaims another, whose peace do the Gold Cloaks protect? Who do they follow? The man who pays them
daenerys;Season 1;I thought hed leave me alone, now that my brother is gone.He will never leave you alone If you ride to darkest Asshai, his assassins will follow you If you sailed all the way to the Basilisk Isles, his spies would tell him He will never abandon the hunt Youre a Targaryen The last Targaryen Your son will have Targaryen blood with 40,000 riders behind him
daenerys;Season 1;He will not have my son
khal drogo;Season 1;Moon of my life Are you hurt?
khal drogo;Season 1;Jorah the Andal, I heard what you did Choose any horse you wish, it is yours.I make this gift to you And to my son, the stallion who will mount the world I will also pledge a gift
king joffrey;Season 1;Liar
cersei;Season 1;You condemn yourself with your own mouth, Lord Stark Ser Barristan, seize this traitor
ned;Season 1;Ser Barristan is a good man, a loyal man Do him no harm
cersei;Season 1;You think he stands alone?
king joffrey;Season 1;Kill him! Kill all of them, I command it
ned;Season 1;Commander! Take the Queen and her children into custody Escort them back to the royal apartments and keep them there, under guard
janos slynt;Season 1;Men of the Watch
ned;Season 1;I want no bloodshed Tell your men to lay down their swords No one needs to die
littlefinger;Season 1;Now
syrio forel;Season 1;Yah! Left high, left low
syrio forel;Season 1;Right low, lunge right
steward of house;Season 1;If you break anything, the Septa will have my head What is.
kingsguard septa mordane;Season 1;Your sister knew perfectly well we were to leave today How she could forget.
sansa;Season 1;She didnt forget Shes with her dancing master Shes with him every morning She always comes back with scrapes and bruises Shes so clumsy
septa mordane;Season 1;Hush! Go back to your room Bar the doors and do not open them for anyone you do not know
sansa;Season 1;What is it? Whats happening?
septa mordane;Season 1;Do as I told you Run
syrio forel;Season 1;This way! Left, right Rah! Now you are dead
arya;Season 1;You said right, but you went left
syrio forel;Season 1;And now you are a dead girl
arya;Season 1;Only cause you lied
syrio forel;Season 1;My tongue lied My eyes shouted the truth You were not seeing
arya;Season 1;I was so I watched, but you.
syrio forel;Season 1;Watching is not seeing, dead girl The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of swordplay
ingsgua meryn trant;Season 1;Arya Stark, come with us Your father wants to see you
syrio forel;Season 1;And why is it that Lord Eddard is sending Lannister men in place of his own? I am wondering
meryn trant;Season 1;Mind your place, dancing master This is no concern of yours
arya;Season 1;My father wouldnt send you
arya;Season 1;And I dont have to go with you if I dont want
maryn trant;Season 1;Take her
syrio forel;Season 1;Are you men or snakes, that you would threaten a child?
kings guard;Season 1;Get out of my way, little man
syrio forel;Season 1;I am Syrio Forel
kings guard;Season 1;Foreign bastard
syrio forel;Season 1;And you will be speaking to me with more respect
meryn trant;Season 1;Kill the Braavosi Bring the girl
syrio forel;Season 1;Arya child, we are done with dancing for the day Run to your father
meryn trant;Season 1;Bloody oafs
syrio forel;Season 1;Be gone now, Arya
arya;Season 1;Come with me Run
syrio forel;Season 1;The first sword of Braavos does not run
syrio forel;Season 1;What do we say to the God of death?
arya;Season 1;Not today
syrio forel;Season 1;Go
arya;Season 1;Not today Not today Back on the other side of the Red Keep, Sansa runs on, but is stopped by a familiar face
sansa;Season 1;Stay away from me Ill tell my father Ill Ill tell the Queen
sandor clegane;Season 1;Who do you think sent me?
arya;Season 1;Needle
stable boy;Season 1;There she is
arya;Season 1;What do you want?
stable boy;Season 1;I want you, wolf girl Come here
arya;Season 1;Leave me be My fathers a lord Hell reward you
stable boy;Season 1;Shell reward me, the Queen
arya;Season 1;Stay away
varys;Season 1;Lord Stark, you must be thirsty
ned;Season 1;Varys
varys;Season 1;I promise you it isnt poisoned Why is it no one ever trusts the eunuch? Not so much, My Lord I would save the rest, if I were you Hide it Men have been known to die of thirst in these cells
ned;Season 1;What about my daughters?
varys;Season 1;The younger one seems to have escaped the castle Even my little birds cannot find her
ned;Season 1;And Sansa?
varys;Season 1;Still engaged to Joffrey Cersei will keep her close The rest of your household though, all dead, it grieves me to say I do so hate the sight of blood
ned;Season 1;You watched my men being slaughtered and did nothing
varys;Season 1;And would again, My Lord I was unarmed, unarmored and surrounded by Lannister swords When you look at me do you see a hero? What madness led you to tell the Queen you had learned the truth about Joffreys birth?
ned;Season 1;The madness of mercy That she might save her children
varys;Season 1;Ah, the children It is always the innocents who suffer It wasnt the wine that killed Robert, nor the boar The wine slowed him down and the boar ripped him open, but it was your mercy that killed the King I trust you know you are a dead man, Lord Eddard?
ned;Season 1;The Queen cant kill me Cat holds her brother
varys;Season 1;The wrong brother sadly And lost to her Your wife has let the Imp slip through her fingers
ned;Season 1;If thats true, then slit my throat and be done with it
varys;Season 1;Not today, My Lord
ned;Season 1;Tell me something, Varys Who do you truly serve?
varys;Season 1;The Realm, My Lord Someone must
jeor;Season 1;Its Othor, without a doubt
othell yarwyck;Season 1;The other one is Jafer Flowers, My Lord, less the hand the wolf tore off
jeor;Season 1;Any sign of Benjen or the rest of his party?
jon;Season 1;Just these two, My Lord Been dead awhile, Id say
jeor;Season 1;Mmm
sam;Season 1;The smell
othell yarwyck;Season 1;What smell?
sam;Season 1;There is none If theyd be dead for a long time, wouldnt there be rot?
jon;Season 1;We should burn them
othell yarwyck;Season 1;Snows not wrong, My Lord Fire will do for them The Wildling way
jeor;Season 1;I want Maester Aemon to examine them first You may be a coward, Tarly, but youre not stupid Get them inside
othell yarwyck;Season 1;You heard him
ser alliser;Season 1;Lord Commander, Maester Aemon awaits you in his chambers A raven from Kings Landing
nights watch brother;Season 1;Come on, move em out
jeor;Season 1;Bring me a horn of ale, Snow, and pour one for yourself ing is dead
jon;Season 1;Is there any word of my father?
jeor;Season 1;Sit Lord Stark has been charged with treason They say he conspired with Roberts brothers to deny the throne to Prince Joffrey
jeor;Season 1;I hope youre not thinking of doing anything stupid Your duty lies here now
jon;Season 1;My sisters were in Kings Landing too
jeor;Season 1;Im sure theyll be treated gently
varys;Season 1;Your father has proved to be an awful traitor, dear
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;King Roberts body was still warm when Lord Eddard began plotting to steal Joffreys rightful throne
sansa;Season 1;He wouldnt do that He knows how much I love Joffrey He wouldnt Please, Your Grace, theres been a mistake Send for my father Hell tell you, the King was his friend
cersei;Season 1;Sansa sweetling, you are innocent of any wrong We know that Yet you are the daughter of a traitor How can I allow you to marry my son?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;A child born of a traitors seed is no fit consort for our King She is a sweet thing now, Your Grace, but in 10 years who knows what treasons she may hatch?
sansa;Season 1;No, Im not Ill be a good wife to him, youll see.Ill be a Queen just like you, I promise I wont hatch anything
littlefinger;Season 1;The girl is innocent, Your Grace She should be given a chance to prove her loyalty
cersei;Season 1;Little dove, you must write to Lady Catelyn and your brother, the eldest Whats his name?
sansa;Season 1;Robb
cersei;Season 1;Word of your fathers arrest will reach him soon, no doubt Best it comes from you If you would help your father, urge your brother to keep the Kings peace Tell him to come to Kings Landing and swear his fealty to Joffrey
sansa;Season 1;If if I could see my father, talk to him about.
cersei;Season 1;You disappoint me, child We have told you of your fathers treason Why would you want to speak to a traitor?
sansa;Season 1;I only meant that what will happen to him?
cersei;Season 1;That depends
sansa;Season 1;On on what?
cersei;Season 1;On your brother And on you
robb;Season 1;Treason? Sansa wrote this?
maester luwin;Season 1;It is your sisters hand, but the Queens words You are summoned to Kings Landing to swear fealty to the new King
robb;Season 1;Joffrey puts my father in chains, now he wants his ass kissed?
maester luwin;Season 1;This is a royal command, My Lord If you should refuse to obey.
robb;Season 1;I wont refuse His Grace summons me to Kings Landing, Ill go to Kings Landing But not alone Call the banners
robin arryn;Season 1;Im hungry
lysa arryn;Season 1;Hush now, darling You just ate
catelyn;Season 1;You will not support us then? Do I understand you correctly?
robin arryn;Season 1;But Im hungry
lysa arryn;Season 1;Soon, love, soon Youre always welcome here, sister But if youre asking me to send men from the Vale to fight.
catelyn;Season 1;That is what I ask
lysa arryn;Season 1;Go on, sweet Time for your bath Ill feed you after
catelyn;Season 1;If you fear for the safety of your son.
lysa arryn;Season 1;Of course I fear for the safety of my son! Are you an idiot? They killed my husband You say they shoved your boy from a window These people will do anything
catelyn;Season 1;And that is why we have to stop them
lysa arryn;Season 1;The knights of the Vale will stay in the Vale where they belong, to protect their Lord beserk -
tyrion;Season 1;From here it might be best if Bronn and I continue alone
shagga;Season 1;Best for Tyrion son of Tywin Not best for me If the half man betrays us, Shagga son of Dolf will cut off his manhood.
tyrion;Season 1;And feed it to the goats, yes All right then Time to meet my father Kevan Lannister Tyrion
tyrion;Season 1;Uncle Father
tywin;Season 1;The rumors of your demise were unfounded
tyrion;Season 1;Sorry to disappoint you
tywin;Season 1;And who are these Companions of yours?
tywin;Season 1;This is Shagga Son of Dolf, Chieftain of the Stone Crows Timett Son of Timett, ruler of the Burned Men This fair maid is Chella daughter of Cheyk, leader of the Black Ears And here we have son of.
bronn;Season 1;You wouldnt know him
tyrion;Season 1;May I present My Lord Father, Tywin son of Tytos of House Lannister Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West Kind of you to go to war for me
tywin;Season 1;You left us no choice The honor of the House was at stake Your brother would never have submitted to capture so meekly
tyrion;Season 1;We have our differences, Jaime and I Hes braver Im better looking
jamie;Season 1;Hes been covering himself in glory
kevan;Season 1;Jaime smashed the River Lords at the Golden Tooth, and now lays siege to Riverrun, Catelyn Starks homeland
tyrion;Season 1;And the Starks? Lord Eddard?
tywin;Season 1;Is our hostage He will lead no armies from his dungeon cell
tyrion;Season 1;How did my sweet sister persuade the King to imprison his dear friend Ned?
tywin;Season 1;Robert Baratheon is dead Joffrey rules in Kings Landing
tyrion;Season 1;My sister rules, you mean
kevan;Season 1;Starks son has called his banners He moves south with a strong host
tywin;Season 1;A green boy One taste of battle and hell run back to Winterfell wi his tail between his legs
tyrion;Season 1;Maybe Though the boy does have a certain belligerence Youd like him While were on the subject of war, I made promises to my friends here and a Lannister always pays his debts We shall require 3,000 helms and shields, plus swords, pikes, gorgets, maces.
messenger;Season 1;If it please My Lord, Ser Addam bids me report that the Northmen have crossed the neck
tywin;Season 1;The wolf rushes into the lions jaws So be it Kevan, command the drummers beat assembly And send word to Jaime that I am moving against Robb Stark
kevan;Season 1;At once, My Lord
tywin;Season 1;It is said that the men of the Mountain clans are great warriors Ride with me against my enemies and you shall have all my son promised you and more
shagga;Season 1;Only if the half man fights with us Until we hold the steel he pledged us, the little lions life is ours
rodrik cassal;Season 1;The scouts report Lord Tywin moves north We need to get him on broken ground, put his Knights at a disadvantage
greatjon umber;Season 1;No, we need to get around him and break Jaime Lannisters siege of Riverrun Do that and the River Lords will join us
robb;Season 1;To do either we need to cross the river and the only crossing is at The Twins
theon;Season 1;Lord Frey controls that bridge Your fathers bannerman
catelyn;Season 1;The late Lord Frey my father calls him At the Trident, he didnt appear until the battle was done Some men takes their oaths more seriously than others
theon;Season 1;Robbs right We need that bridge
greatjon umber;Season 1;So whats it gonna be? Do we move against Jaime or Lord Tywin?
guard;Season 1;Your pardon, my lords Weve captured a Lannister scout
greatjon umber;Season 1;Dont worry, lad He wont be leaving this tent with his head
robb;Season 1;Where did you find him?
guard;Season 1;In the brush above the encampment He looked to be counting
robb;Season 1;How high did you get?
scout;Season 1;20,000 Maybe more.Rodrik Cassel You dont have to do this yourself Your father would understand
robb;Season 1;My father understands mercy, when there is room for it And he understands honor and courage Let him go
catelyn;Season 1;Robb
robb;Season 1;Tell Lord Tywin, Winter is coming for him To find out if he really does shit gold
scout;Season 1;Yes, My Lord Thank you, My Lord
greatjon umber;Season 1;Are you touched, boy?! Letting him go?
robb;Season 1;You call me boy again
robb;Season 1;Go on
greatjon umber;Season 1;Oi
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;It is also the wish of His Grace, that his loyal servant Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch.
sansa;Season 1;Ser Aron
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Be at once raised to the rank of Lord
sansa;Season 1;Lord Gyles
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;And granted the ancient seat of Harrenhal, and that his sons and grandsons shall hold this honor after him, until the end of time In the place of the traitor Eddard Stark, it is the wish of his Grace that Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West, be appointed Hand of the King Lastly, in these times of treason and turmoil, it is the view of the Council that the life and safety of King Joffrey be of paramount importance
cersei;Season 1;Se
barristan selmy;Season 1;Your Grace, I am yours to command
cersei;Season 1;Rise, Ser Barristan You may remove your helm You have served the Realm long and faithfully Every man and woman in the Seven Kingdoms owes you thanks But it is time to put aside your armor and your sword It is time to rest and look back with pride on your many years of service
barristan selmy;Season 1;Your Grace, the Kingsguard is a sworn brotherhood Our vows are taken for life Only death relieves us of our sacred trust
cersei;Season 1;Whose death, Ser Barristan? Yours or your Kings?
king joffrey;Season 1;You let my father die Youre too old to protect anybody
barristan selmy;Season 1;Your Grace.
cersei;Season 1;The Council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take your place as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard
barristan selmy;Season 1;The man who profaned his blade with the blood of the King he had sworn to defend
cersei;Season 1;Careful, Ser
varys;Season 1;We have nothing but gratitude for your long service, good Ser You shall be given a stout Keep beside the sea, with servants to look after your every need
barristan selmy;Season 1;A hall to die in and men to bury me I am a Knight I shall die a Knight
littlefinger;Season 1;A naked Knight, apparently
barristan selmy;Season 1;Even now I could cut through the five of you like carving a cake! Here, boy! Melt it down and add it to the others
kings landing page;Season 1;If any man in this hall has other matters to set before His Grace, let him speak now or go forth and hold his silence
sansa;Season 1;Your Grace
king joffrey;Season 1;Come forward, My Lady
kings landing page;Season 1;The Lady Sansa of House Stark
cersei;Season 1;Do you have some business for the King and the Council, Sansa?
sansa;Season 1;I do
sansa;Season 1;As it please Your Grace, I ask mercy for my father, Lord Eddard Stark, who was Hand of the King
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Treason is a noxious weed It should be torn out, root.
king joffrey;Season 1;Let her speak I want to hear what she says
sansa;Season 1;Thank you, Your Grace
littlefinger;Season 1;Do you deny your fathers crime?
sansa;Season 1;No, My Lords I know he must be punished All I ask is mercy I know My Lord father must regret what he did He was King Roberts friend and he loved him You all know he loved him He never wanted to be Hand until the King asked him They must have lied to him Lord Renly or Lord Stannis or somebody They must have lied
king joffrey;Season 1;He said I wasnt the King Why did he say that?
sansa;Season 1;He was badly hurt Maester Pycelle was giving him milk of the poppy He wasnt himself Otherwise h never would have said it
varys;Season 1;A childs faith Such sweet innocence And yet they say wisdom oft comes from the mouths of babes
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Treason is treason
king joffrey;Season 1;Anything else?
sansa;Season 1;If you still have any affection in your heart for me, please do me this kindness, Your Grace
king joffrey;Season 1;Your sweet words have moved me But your father has to confess He has to confess and say that Im the King or therell be no mercy for him
varys;Season 1;Youve seen better days, my lord
ned;Season 1;Another visit? lt seems youre my last friend
varys;Season 1;No, no, many still love you Sansa came to court this morning to plead for your life
ned;Season 1;On her knees begging for me Hm! Did you laugh with the others?
varys;Season 1;You do me wrong, my lord Your blood is the last thing l want
ned;Season 1;l dont know what you want lve given up trying to guess
varys;Season 1;When l was still a boy before they cut my balls off with a hot knife l traveled with a group of actors through the free cities They taught me that each man has a role to play The same is true at court l am the master of whisperers My role is to be sly, obsequious and without scruples lm a good actor, my lord
ned;Season 1;Huh Can you free me from this pit?
varys;Season 1;l could But will l? No As l said, Im no hero
ned;Season 1;What do you want? Tell me No riddles, no stories Tell me, what do you want?
varys;Season 1;Peace Did you know that your son is marching south with an army of Northmen? Loyal lad Fighting for his fathers freedom
ned;Season 1;Robb? Hes just a boy
varys;Season 1;Boys have been conquerors before But the man giving Cersei sleepless nights is the kings the late kings brother Lord Stannis has the best claim to the throne He is a proven battle commander and he is utterly without mercy
ned;Season 1;Stannis Baratheon is Roberts true heir The throne is his by rights
varys;Season 1;Sansa pleaded so sweetly for your life lt would be a shame to throw it away Cersei is no fool She knows a tame wolf is more use to her than a dead one
ned;Season 1;You want me to serve the woman who murdered my king, who butchered my men, who crippled my son?
varys;Season 1;l want you to serve the realm! Tell the queen you will confess your vile treason, tell your son to lay down his sword and proclaim Joffrey as the true heir Cersei knows you as a man of honor lf you give her the peace she needs, and promise to carry her secret to your grave, l believe she will allow you to take the black and live out your days on the Wall with your brother and your bastard son
ned;Season 1;You think my life is some precious thing to me? That l would trade my honor for a few more years of of what? You grew up with actors You learned their craft and you learnt it well But l grew up with soldiers l learned how to die a long time ago
varys;Season 1;Pity Such a pity What of your daughters life, my lord? ls that a precious thing to you? e
robb;Season 1;lts a birthday message to his grand-niece Walda
theon;Season 1;Or so Walder Frey would have you think
catelyn;Season 1;Keep shooting them down We cant risk Lord Walder sending word of your movements to the Lannisters
robb;Season 1;Hes Grandfathers bannerman We cant expect his support?
greatjon umber;Season 1;Expect nothing of Walder Frey and youll never be surprised Look
robb;Season 1;Father rots in a dungeon How long before they take his head? We need to cross the Trident and we need to do it now
theon;Season 1;Just march up to his gates and tell him youre crossing Weve got five times his numbers You can take the Twins if you have to
greatjon umber;Season 1;Not in time Tywin Lannister marches north as we speak
catelyn;Season 1;The Freys have held the crossing for 600 years, and for 600 years they have never failed to exact their toll
robb;Season 1;Have my horse saddled and ready
greatjon umber;Season 1;Enter the Twins alone and hell sell you to the Lannisters as he likes
theon;Season 1;Or throw you in a dungeon Or slit your throat
robb;Season 1;My father would do whatever it took to secure our crossing Whatever it took lf lm going to lead this army, l cant have other men doing my bargaining for me
catelyn;Season 1;l agree lll go
everyone;Season 1;You cant
catelyn;Season 1;l have known Lord Walder since l was a girl He would never harm me
greatjon umber;Season 1;Unless there was a profit in it er
walder frey;Season 1;What do you want?
catelyn;Season 1;lt is a great pleasure to see you again after so many years, my lord
walder frey;Season 1;Oh, spare me Your boys too proud to come before me himself What am l supposed to do with you?
stevron frey;Season 1;Father, you forget yourself Lady Stark is
walder frey;Season 1;Who asked you? Youre not Lord Frey yet, not until l die Do l look dead to you?
ryger rivers;Season 1;Father, please
walder frey;Season 1;l need lessons in courtesy from you, bastard? Your mother would still be a milkmaid if l hadnt squirted you into her belly All right, you come forward There Now that lve observed the courtesies, perhaps my sons will do me the honor of shutting their mouths
catelyn;Season 1;ls there somewhere we can talk?
walder frey;Season 1;Were talking right now Fine Out! All of you! Oh! You too You see that? Fifteen, she is A little flower And her honeys all mine
catelyn;Season 1;lm sure she will give you many sons
walder frey;Season 1;Huh Your father didnt come to the wedding
catelyn;Season 1;He is quite ill, my lord
walder frey;Season 1;Huh Didnt come to the last one, either Or the one before that Your family has always pissed on me
catelyn;Season 1;My lord, l
walder frey;Season 1;Dont deny it You know its true The fine Lord Tully would never marry any of his children to mine
catelyn;Season 1;lm sure there were reasons
walder frey;Season 1;l didnt need reasons l needed to get rid of sons and daughters You see how they pile up? Why are you here?
catelyn;Season 1;To ask you to open your gates, my lord, so my son and his bannermen may cross the Trident and be on their way
walder frey;Season 1;Why should l let him?
catelyn;Season 1;lf you could climb your own battlements, you would see that he has 20,000 men outside your walls
walder frey;Season 1;There will be 20,000 corpses when Tywin Lannister gets here Dont try and frighten me, Lady Stark Your husbands in a cell beneath the Red Keep and your sons got no fur to keep his balls warm
catelyn;Season 1;You swore an oath to my father
walder frey;Season 1;Oh, yes, l said some words And l swore oaths to the crown too, if l remember right Joffreys king now, which makes your boy and his corpses-to-be nothing but rebels, it seems to me lf l had the sense the gods gave a fish, ld hand you both over to the Lannisters
catelyn;Season 1;Why dont you?
walder frey;Season 1;Stark, Tully, Lannister, Baratheon Give me one good reason why l should waste a single thought on any of you? -
voices outside;Season 1;And engage
jeor;Season 1;When does Aemon think youll be able to use that hand?
jon;Season 1;Soon, he says
jeor;Season 1;Good Youll be ready for this, then l thought a wolf was more appropriate for you than a bear so l had a new pommel made lts called Longclaw Works as well for a wolf as a bear, l think
jon;Season 1;This is Valyrian steel
jeor;Season 1;lt was my fathers sword, his father before him The Mormonts have carried it for five centuries lt was meant for my son Jorah He brought dishonor to our House, but he had the grace to leave the sword before he fled from Westeros
jon;Season 1;My lord, you honor me, but l cant
jeor;Season 1;Oh, you can And you will l wouldnt be standing here if it wasnt for you and your beast A bloody dead man tried to kill me, so youll take it lll hear no more about it ls that understood?
jon;Season 1;Yes, my lord
jeor;Season 1;Right Now, dont think this means l approve of this nonsense with you and Alliser Thorne Thats a mans sword ltll take a man to wield it
jon;Season 1;lll apologize to Ser Alliser tonight
jeor;Season 1;No, you wont l sent him to Kings Landing yesterday The hand that your wolf tore off that things wrist – lve ordered Thorne to lay it at the feet of this boy king That should get young Joffreys attention And it, uh, puts a thousand leagues between you and Thorne Now go and put your sword somewhere safe and bring me my supper
jon;Season 1;Yes, my lord Unidentified Night
watchers;Season 1;Well done Well done.Night
watcher;Season 1;You earned that, Snow.Night
watcher;Season 1;Well done
pyp;Season 1;Go on, lets have a look
jon;Season 1;At what?
grenn;Season 1;The sword! Show us the sword
all;Season 1;Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword
pyp;Season 1;Lets have a look
grenn;Season 1;Piss off
pyp;Season 1;Come on, l want to have a look at it in the light Give it here
grenn;Season 1;Look at its eyes
jon;Season 1;What is it?
sam;Season 1;l l cant
jon;Season 1;You cant what?
sam;Season 1;lm really not supposed to say
jon;Season 1;And yet you really want to say You want to say that
sam;Season 1;There was a raven l read the message to Maester Aemon lts your brother Robb
jon;Season 1;What? What about him?
sam;Season 1;Hes heading south To war All his bannermen have rallied to his side, theyll keep him safe
jon;Season 1;l should be there l should be with him -
greatjon umber;Season 1;lf we do that, theyll never get back across
robb;Season 1;Well? What did he say?
catelyn;Season 1;Lord Walder has granted your crossing His men are yours, as well
robb;Season 1;Huh
catelyn;Season 1;Less the 400 he will keep here to hold the crossing against any who would pursue you
robb;Season 1;What does he want in return?
catelyn;Season 1;You will be taking on his son Olyvar as your personal squire He expects a knighthood in good time
robb;Season 1;Fine, fine And?
catelyn;Season 1;And Arya will marry his son Waldron when they both come of age
robb;Season 1;She wont be happy about that And?
catelyn;Season 1;And when the fighting is done you will marry one of his daughters Whichever you prefer He has a number he thinks will be suitable
robb;Season 1;l see Did you get a look at his daughters?
catelyn;Season 1;l did
robb;Season 1;And?
catelyn;Season 1;One was – Do you consent?
robb;Season 1;Can l refuse?
catelyn;Season 1;Not if you want to cross
robb;Season 1;Then l consent -
jon;Season 1;Sam said you wanted to see me?
maester aemon;Season 1;l did indeed Perhaps you would be kind enough to assist me Tell me, did you ever wonder why the men of the Nights Watch take no wives and father no children?
jon;Season 1;No
maester aemon;Season 1;So they will not love Love is the death of duty lf the day should ever come when your lord father was forced to choose between honor on the one hand and those he loves on the other, what would he do?
jon;Season 1;He would do whatever was right, no matter what
maester aemon;Season 1;Then Lord Stark is one man in 10,000 Most of us are not so strong What is honor compared to a womans love? And what is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms? Or a brothers smile?
jon;Season 1;Sam told you
maester aemon;Season 1;Were all human Oh, we all do our duty when theres no cost to it Honor comes easy then Yet sooner or later in every mans life there comes a day when it is not easy A day when he must choose
jon;Season 1;And this is my day? ls that what youre saying?
maester aemon;Season 1;Oh, it hurts, boy Oh, yes l know
jon;Season 1;You do not know No one knows l may be a bastard, but he is my father and Robb is my brother
maester aemon;Season 1;The gods were cruel when they saw fit to test my vows They waited till l was old What could l do when the ravens brought the news from the South the ruin of my House, the death of my family? l was helpless, blind, frail But when l heard they had killed my brothers son and his poor son and the children! Even the little children
jon;Season 1;Who are you?
maester aemon;Season 1;My father was Maekar, the first of his name My brother Aegon reigned after him when l had refused the throne And he was followed by his son Aerys whom they called the Mad King
jon;Season 1;Youre Aemon Targaryen
maester aemon;Season 1;lm a maester of the Citadel, bound in service to Castle Black and the Nights Watch l will not tell you to stay or go You must make that choice yourself and live with it for the rest of your days As l have -
daenerys;Season 1;My lord My sun and stars Drogo
khal drogo;Season 1;My horse
cohollo;Season 1;Blood of my blood
khal drogo;Season 1;No, l must ride
qotho;Season 1;He fell from his horse A Khal who cannot ride is no Khal
daenerys;Season 1;Hes tired, thats all He needs to rest Weve ridden far enough today Well camp here
qotho;Season 1;This is no place to camp A woman does not give us orders Not even a Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;Well camp here Tell them Khal Drogo commanded it
qotho;Season 1;You do not command me, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;Find Mirri Maz Duur Bring her to me
qotho;Season 1;The witch? lll bring you her head, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;Bring her to me unharmed or Khal Drogo will hear why you denied me
qotho;Season 1;Hyah! Hyah!
kevan;Season 1;Our scouts tell us the Stark host has moved south from the Twins with Lord Freys levies in tow Theyre a days march north
tywin;Season 1;The boy may lack experience and sense, but he does have a certain mindless provincial courage
tyrion;Season 1;Oh, do continue Didnt mean to interrupt
tywin;Season 1;l do hope your savages are going to be of some use, otherwise weve wasted good steel on them
kevan;Season 1;The great hairy one insisted he must have two battleaxes Heavy black steel, double-sided
tyrion;Season 1;Shagga likes axes
tywin;Season 1;When the battle commences, you and your wildlings will be in the vanguard
tyrion;Season 1;The vanguard? Me and the tribesmen on the front lines?
kevan;Season 1;They do seem rather ferocious
tyrion;Season 1;Ferocious? Last night a Moon Brother stabbed a Stone Crow over a sausage Three Stone Crows seized the Moon Brother and opened his throat Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off the dead mans cock, which was fortunate, but even still, Ulf is demanding blood money, which Shagga and Gunthor refuse to pay
tywin;Season 1;When soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with their commander
tyrion;Season 1;Surely there are ways to have me killed that would be less detrimental to the war effort
tywin;Season 1;Therell be no more discussion on the matter
tyrion;Season 1;lt appears lm not hungry after all Excuse me, my lords.Back at his tent, Tyrion finds Bronn there with a woman waiting there too
tyrion;Season 1;Where did you find one so pretty at this hour?
bronn;Season 1;l took her
tyrion;Season 1;Took her? From whom?
bronn;Season 1;From, uh, Ser Whats-his-name? l dont know Ginger cunt, three tents down
tyrion;Season 1;And he didnt have anything to say about it?
bronn;Season 1;He said something
tyrion;Season 1;Well, the odds of me living long enough for him to retaliate have just dropped drastically Well be at the vanguard tomorrow
bronn;Season 1;Oh, well l, uh, think lll go and find myself one
tyrion;Season 1;Who are you?
prostitute;Season 1;Who would you like me to be?
tyrion;Season 1;What did your mother call you?
prostitute;Season 1;Shae What did your mother call you?
tyrion;Season 1;My mother died giving birth to me
shae;Season 1;ls that why lm here? So we can talk about our mothers?
tyrion;Season 1;What sort of accent is that?
shae;Season 1;Foreign
tyrion;Season 1;For
shae;Season 1;What do you want from me?
tyrion;Season 1;What do l want from you? l want you to share my tent l want you to pour my wine, laugh at my jokes, rub my legs when theyre sore after a days ride l want you to take no other man to bed for as long as were together And l want you to fuck me like its my last night in this world Which it may well be
shae;Season 1;And what do l get?
tyrion;Season 1;One safety No one will hurt you for as long as youre mine Two the pleasure of my company, which l have heard is spectacular
shae;Season 1;Who told you this? Women you paid?
tyrion;Season 1;And three more gold than you can spend if you lived a thousand years Do you accept my proposal?
shae;Season 1;Lets start with your last night in this world Back across the Narrow Sea Drogo is mumbling incoherently in Dothraki inside a tent, Daenerys by his side
jorah;Season 1;Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;Come Hes very strong No one understands how strong he is
jorah;Season 1;He will die tonight, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;He cant He cant l wont let him
jorah;Season 1;Even a queen doesnt have that power We must go quickly lve heard theres a good port in Asshai
daenerys;Season 1;l wont leave him
jorah;Season 1;Hes already gone, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;Even if he dies, why would l run? l am khaleesi, and my my son will be khal after Drogo
jorah;Season 1;This isnt Westeros, where men honor blood Here they only honor strength There will be fighting after Drogo dies Whoever wins that fight will be the new khal He wont want any rivals Your boy will be plucked from your breast and given to the dogs
daenerys;Season 1;l wont leave him
mirri maz duur;Season 1;The wound has festered
qotho;Season 1;You did this, witch
daenerys;Season 1;Stop it! l dont want her hurt
qotho;Season 1;No? No? You dont want her hurt? Pray we dont hurt you, too You let this witch put her hands on our Khal
jorah;Season 1;Rein in your tongue She is still your Khaleesi
qotho;Season 1;Only while the blood of my blood lives When he dies, she is nothing
daenerys;Season 1;l have never been nothing l am the blood of the dragon
qotho;Season 1;The dragons are all dead, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 1;l think you should wear your armor tonight, ser
jorah;Season 1;l think youre right
mirri maz duur;Season 1;Youve saved me once more
daenerys;Season 1;And now you must save him
mirri maz duur;Season 1;Hes beyond the healers skills All l can do is ease his path
daenerys;Season 1;Save him and l will free you l swear it You must know a way Some – some magic
mirri maz duur;Season 1;There is a spell Some would say death is cleaner
daenerys;Season 1;Do it Save him
mirri maz duur;Season 1;There is a price
daenerys;Season 1;Youll have gold, whatever you want
mirri maz duur;Season 1;lts not a matter of gold This is blood magic Only death pays for life
daenerys;Season 1;My death?
mirri maz duur;Season 1;No, not your death, Khaleesi Bring me his horse
rakharo;Season 1;Khaleesi, do not do this thing Let me kill this witch
daenerys;Season 1;Kill her and you kill your khal
rakharo;Season 1;This is blood magic lt is forbidden
daenerys;Season 1;l am your khaleesi l tell you what is forbidden
mirri maz duur;Season 1;Go Now
daenerys;Season 1;Take her and leave Take her
mirri maz duur;Season 1;You must go also, lady Once l begin to sing, no one must enter the tent The dead will dance here tonight
daenerys;Season 1;No one will enter
daenerys;Season 1;Bring him back to me What have you done?
daenerys;Season 1;l have to save him.We could have been 10 miles away from here by now, on the way to Asshai You would have been safe
qotho;Season 1;This must not be
daenerys;Season 1;This must be
qotho;Season 1;Witch
rakharo;Season 1;Nothing good will come of this
daenerys;Season 1;No, you cant
irri;Season 1;Khaleesi
jorah;Season 1;No further, horselord
jorah;Season 1;Are you hurt?
daenerys;Season 1;The baby
jorah;Season 1;Hmm?
daenerys;Season 1;is coming
jorah;Season 1;Fetch the midwives
rakharo;Season 1;They will not come They say she is cursed
jorah;Season 1;Theyll come or lll have their heads
rakharo;Season 1;The witch she can bring baby l hear her say so
shae;Season 1;Are you in agony, my lion?
tyrion;Season 1;No
shae;Season 1;You look like youre in agony The fire is burning your pretty soft skin
tyrion;Season 1;Ah! Damn you, woman Are you immune to pain?
shae;Season 1;Just used to it
bronn;Season 1;Drink
tyrion;Season 1;Lets play a new game
bronn;Season 1;Theres a Braavosi knife game l could teach you
tyrion;Season 1;Does it involve the potential for losing fingers?
bronn;Season 1;Not if you win
tyrion;Season 1;No! No fire games, no knife games Lets do something lm good at
shae;Season 1;What are you good at?
tyrion;Season 1;l happen to be a great judge of character
bronn;Season 1;This sounds like a boring game
tyrion;Season 1;lts not Heres how it works l make a statement about your past lf lm right, you drink lf lm wrong, l drink And no lying lll know if youre lying
shae;Season 1;l dont want to play this game
tyrion;Season 1;Fine first Your father beat you
bronn;Season 1;But my mother hit harder
tyrion;Season 1;You killed your first man before you were 12
bronn;Season 1;lt was a woman She swung an axe at me
tyrion;Season 1;Youve been north of the Wall
shae;Season 1;What brought you up there?
bronn;Season 1;Work
tyrion;Season 1;And you once loved a woman many years ago, but it turned out badly so youve never let yourself love again Oh, wait, thats me Your turn, my mysterious foreign beauty
shae;Season 1;l dont want to play
tyrion;Season 1;lts fun! Look at the fun were having Your mother was a whore
shae;Season 1;Drink
tyrion;Season 1;All right Your father left the family when you were very young, never to return
shae;Season 1;Drink
tyrion;Season 1;And weve established the rules about lying?
shae;Season 1;Drink
tyrion;Season 1;You wanted a different life You came from somewhere and you wanted to be elsewhere
bronn;Season 1;The whole shit-stained world could drink off that one
tyrion;Season 1;So, specifics You wanted to be elsewhere, but how would you get there? l dont believe the life of the Silent Sisters is for you So, whats a lowborn girl to do?
shae;Season 1;Drink
tyrion;Season 1;Are you sure
shae;Season 1;Drink! And dont talk about my mother and father ever, or l will carve your eyes from your head
tyrion;Season 1;My dear lady, if l have offended you, l apologize
shae;Season 1;My turn
tyrion;Season 1;Fine, fine Ask away Try to penetrate the enigma that is me
shae;Season 1;Who were you in love with?
tyrion;Season 1;Thats not how the game works
shae;Season 1;l dont care the way the game works
bronn;Season 1;Our lord here used to be married
shae;Season 1;Married?
tyrion;Season 1;How did you hear that?
bronn;Season 1;You hear lots of things playing dice with Lannister soldiers
tyrion;Season 1;Another night, perhaps
shae;Season 1;Not another night This night
tyrion;Season 1;lts not a pleasant story
shae;Season 1;Oh, maybe l will cry
bronn;Season 1;lm guessing the lady and l can tell more unpleasant stories than your lordship
tyrion;Season 1;So l was 16 My brother Jaime and l were riding, when we heard a scream She ran out onto the road, clothes half torn off, with two men on her heels Jaime scared away the men easily enough, while l wrapped her in my cloak She was too scared to send off on her own, so while Jaime hunted down the rapers l took her to the nearest inn and fed her Her name was Tysha She was a wheelwrights orphan And she was hungry Together we finished off three chickens and a flagon of wine lmpossible as it seems, there was a time when l was unaccustomed to wine l forgot how afraid l was around girls how l was always waiting for them to laugh at me or look away embarrassed, or ask me about my tall, handsome brother l forgot about everything but Tysha And somehow l found myself in her bed
bronn;Season 1;For three chickens, l should hope so
tyrion;Season 1;lt didnt last long l didnt know what the hell l was doing But she was good to me She kissed me afterwards and sang me a song And by morning l was deep enough in love to ask for her hand A few lies, a few gold coins, one drunken septon and there you have it man and wife For a fortnight anyway, until the septon sobered up and told my father
bronn;Season 1;Well, l imagine that was the end of all that
tyrion;Season 1;Not quite First, my father had Jaime tell me the truth The girl was a whore, you see Jaime had arranged the whole thing the road, the rapers, all of it He thought it was time l had a woman After my brother confessed, my father brought in my wife and gave her to his guards He paid her well a silver for each man How many whores command that kind of price? He brought me into the barracks and made me watch By the end, she had so much silver that the coins were slipping through her fingers and rolling on to the floor
bronn;Season 1;l would have killed the man who did that to me
shae;Season 1;You should have known she was a whore
tyrion;Season 1;Really? l was 16, drunk and in love
shae;Season 1;A girl who was almost raped doesnt invite another man into her bed two hours later
tyrion;Season 1;As l said, l was young and stupid
shae;Season 1;You are still young and stupid
tyrion;Season 1;What is it? What do you want?
bronn;Season 1;Youre sleeping through the war
tyrion;Season 1;What?
bronn;Season 1;They stole a nights march on us Theyre a mile north
tyrion;Season 1;Get my squire
bronn;Season 1;You dont have a squire
tyrion;Season 1;lf l die, weep for me
shae;Season 1;Youll be dead How will you know?
tyrion;Season 1;lll know
soldier;Season 1;Watch out! Move
soldier;Season 1;Out of the way! Move aside
bronn;Season 1;Stay low
tyrion;Season 1;Stay low?
bronn;Season 1;lf youre lucky, no one will notice you
tyrion;Season 1;l was born lucky Tribesmen of the Vale, gather round! Stone Crows! Black Ears! Burned Men! Moon Brothers! And Painted Dogs! Your dominion over the Vale begins now! Onward, to claim what is yours! Tribesmen of the Vale Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man
tyrion;Season 1;To battle
bronn;Season 1;Youre a shit warrior
tyrion;Season 1;lm alive?
bronn;Season 1;Youre alive
tyrion;Season 1;Did we win?
bronn;Season 1;We wouldnt be having this conversation if we didnt
tyrion;Season 1;How did our tribesmen do?
bronn;Season 1;Yeah, good
tyrion;Season 1;lts nice to see them getting along
tywin;Season 1;Youre wounded
tyrion;Season 1;Good of you to notice l hear we won
tywin;Season 1;Huh! The scouts were wrong There were 2,000 Stark bannermen, not 20
tyrion;Season 1;Did we get the Stark boy, at least?
tywin;Season 1;He wasnt here
tyrion;Season 1;Where was he?
tywin;Season 1;With his other 18,000 men
tyrion;Season 1;And where are they? -
rodrik cassel;Season 1;We should go, my lady
catelyn;Season 1;No
rodrik cassel;Season 1;My lady
bannermen;Season 1;Hyah! Hyah
robb;Season 1;By the time they knew what was happening, it had already happened
jaime;Season 1;Lady Stark ld offer you my sword, but l seem to have lost it
catelyn;Season 1;lt is not your sword l want Give me my daughters back Give me my husband
jaime;Season 1;lve lost them too, lm afraid
theon;Season 1;Kill him, Robb Send his head to his father He cut down ten of our men You saw him
robb;Season 1;Hes more use to us alive than dead
catelyn;Season 1;Take him away and put him in irons
jaime;Season 1;We could end this war right now, boy, save thousands of lives You fight for the Starks, l fight for the Lannisters Swords or lances, teeth, nails choose your weapons and lets end this here and now
robb;Season 1;lf we do it your way, Kingslayer, youd win Were not doing it your way
greatjon umber;Season 1;Come on, pretty man
robb;Season 1;l sent 2,000 men to their graves today
theon;Season 1;The bards will sing songs of their sacrifice
robb;Season 1;Aye But the dead wont hear them One victory does not make us conquerors Did we free my father? Did we rescue my sisters from the queen? Did we free the North from those who want us on our knees? This war is far from over
arya;Season 1;Could l have one? A lemon one or any of them.King
landing baker;Season 1;Three coppers
arya;Season 1;How about a nice fat pigeon?King
landing baker;Season 1;Oh, piss off now Go on
arya;Season 1;Do you have any stale ones from yesterday? Or any burnt ones?King
landing baker;Season 1;Piss off
arya;Season 1;Hey, wheres everyone going? Whats happening?
street urchin;Season 1;Theyre taking him to the Sept of Baelor
arya;Season 1;Who?
street urchin;Season 1;The Hand of the King
populace;Season 1;Traitor! Coward
eddark;Season 1;Baelor
populace;Season 1;Traitor! Traitor
eddark;Season 1;I am Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the King I come before you to confess my treason in the sight of Gods and men I betrayed the faith of my King and the trust of my friend Robert I swore to protect and defend his children, but before his blood was cold I plotted to murder his son and seize the Throne for myself Let the High Septon and Baelor the Blessed bear witness to what I say Joffrey Baratheon is the one true heir to the Iron Throne, by the grace of all the Gods, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;As we sin, so do we suffer This man has confessed his crimes in sight of Gods and men The Gods are just but beloved Baelor taught us they can also be merciful What is to be done with this traitor, Your Grace?
joffrey;Season 1;My mother wishes me to let Lord Eddard join The Nights Watch Stripped of all titles and powers, he would serve the realm in permanent exile And My Lady Sansa has begged mercy for her father But they have the soft hearts of women So long as I am your King, treason shall never go unpunished Ser Ilyn, bring me his head
sansa;Season 1;No, stop! Please, someone stop him
cersei;Season 1;My son, this is madness
populace;Season 1;Put him down
yoren;Season 1;Dont look
arya;Season 1;Let me go
yoren;Season 1;Shut your mouth Look at me
sansa;Season 1;Stop him, stop
yoren;Season 1;Look at me Look at me! Do you remember me now, boy, eh? Remember me? Theres a bright boy Youll be coming with me, boy, and youll be keeping your mouth shut
yoren;Season 1;Keep your mouth shut, boy
arya;Season 1;lm not a boy
yoren;Season 1;Youre not a smart boy, is that what youre trying to say? Do you want to live, boy?! North, boy, were going north -
bran;Season 1;lt had three eyes lt told me to come with him, so l did We went down into the crypts and my father was there
osha;Season 1;Your fathers not down there, little lord Not for many years yet
bran;Season 1;Youre afraid Just like Hodor
osha;Season 1;lm not afraid of some hole in the ground
bran;Season 1;Youve lived beyond the Wall What are you scared of? lm a crippled boy and lm willing to go
bran;Season 1;Thats my grandfather, Lord Rickard He was burned alive by the Mad King, Aerys Thats Lyanna, my fathers sister King Robert was supposed to marry her, but Rhaegar Targaryen kidnapped her Robert started a war to win her back He killed Rhaegar, but she died anyway Thats where l saw Father
osha;Season 1;You see? Hes not here
rickon;Season 1;Here, Shaggydog
bran;Season 1;Rickon
osha;Season 1;That beast is supposed to be chained in the kennels
rickon;Season 1;He doesnt like chains
bran;Season 1;What are you doing down here? Come back up with us
rickon;Season 1;No, l came to see Father
bran;Season 1;How many times have l told you? Hes in Kings Landing with Sansa and Arya
rickon;Season 1;He was down here l saw him
bran;Season 1;Saw him when?
rickon;Season 1;Last night, when l was sleeping Here, Shaggydog
osha;Season 1;You both miss him lts only natural he should be in your thoughts and dreams, but that doesnt mean that
maester luwin;Season 1;Bran -
several bannermen;Season 1;My lady My lady My lady
catelyn;Season 1;Robb Robb! Youve ruined your sword
catelyn;Season 1;Shh! Shh! Shh
robb;Season 1;lll kill them all Every one of them l will kill them all
catelyn;Season 1;My boy They have your sisters We have to get the girls back And then we will kill them all
marillion;Season 1;The boars great tusks, they boded ill For good King Roberts health And the beast was every bit as fat As Robert was himself But our brave king cried, Do your worst! lll have your ugly head! Youre nowhere near as murdrous as the lion in my bed King Robert lost his battle and He failed his final test,The lion ripped his balls off, And the boar did all the rest
joffrey;Season 1;Very amusing lsnt it a funny song? Thank you for your rendition l imagine it was even better received at that tavern
marillion;Season 1;lm so sorry, Your Grace lll never sing it again, l swear
joffrey;Season 1;Tell me, which do you favor your fingers or your tongue?
marillion;Season 1;Your Grace?
joffrey;Season 1;Fingers or your tongue? lf you got to keep one, which would it be? Or l could just cut your throat
marillion;Season 1;Every man needs hands, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 1;Good Tongue it is
marillion;Season 1;Your Grace, please l wont sing, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 1;Ser llyn, who better than you to carry out the sentence?
marillion;Season 1;l beg you! Please, no No
marillion;Season 1;Your Grace, please l beg you, l will never sing again! No
joffrey;Season 1;lm done for the day lll leave the rest of the matters to you, Mother
marillion;Season 1;Your Grace, please
joffrey;Season 1;You look quite nice
sansa;Season 1;Thank you, my lord
joffrey;Season 1;Your Grace lm King now
marillion;Season 1;Stop! No
joffrey;Season 1;Walk with me l want to show you something
sandor clegane;Season 1;Do as youre bid, child
joffrey;Season 1;And as soon as youve had your blood, lll put a son in you Mother says that shouldnt be long
sansa;Season 1;No! Please, no
joffrey;Season 1;This ones your father This one here Look at it and see what happens to traitors
sansa;Season 1;You promised to be merciful
joffrey;Season 1;l was l gave him a clean death Look at him
sansa;Season 1;Please let me go home l wont do any treason, l swear
joffrey;Season 1;Mother says lm still to marry you So youll stay here, and obey Look at him
joffrey;Season 1;Well?
sansa;Season 1;How long do l have to look?
joffrey;Season 1;As long as it pleases me Do you want to see the rest?
sansa;Season 1;lf it please Your Grace
joffrey;Season 1;Thats your Septa there lll tell you what, lm going to give you a present After l raise my armies and kill your traitor brother, lm going to give you his head as well
sansa;Season 1;Or maybe hell give me yours
joffrey;Season 1;Ser Meryn strikes Sansa repeatedly with the back of his hand, leaving her lip bloodied Sansa notices the stone bridge Joffrey is on leads to a street some feet below She moves forward to lunge him from the edge, but she’s stopped by the Hound
sandor clegane;Season 1;Here, girl
joffrey;Season 1;Will you obey now? Or do you need another lesson? lll look for you in court
sandor clegane;Season 1;Save yourself some pain, girl Give him what he wants
sandor clegane;Season 1;Youll be needing that again -
jonos bracken;Season 1;The proper course is clear pledge fealty to King Renly and move south to join our forces with his
robb;Season 1;Renly is not the king
jonos bracken;Season 1;You cannot mean to hold to Joffrey, my lord He put your father to death
robb;Season 1;That doesnt make Renly king Hes Roberts youngest brother lf Bran cant be Lord of Winterfell before me, Renly cant be king before Stannis
jonos bracken;Season 1;Do you mean to declare us for Stannis?
galbart glover;Season 1;Renly is not right! lf we put ourselves behind Stannis
greatjon umber;Season 1;My Lords My Lords! Here is what l say to these two kings Renly Baratheon is nothing to me, nor Stannis neither Why should they rule over me and mine from some flowery seat in the South? What do they know of the Wall or the Wolfswood? Even their gods are wrong! Why shouldnt we rule ourselves again? lt was the dragons we bowed to and now the dragons are dead! There sits the only king l mean to bend my knee to the King in the North
rickard kar;Season 1;lll have peace on those terms They can keep their Red Castle and their iron chair too ing in the North
theon;Season 1;Am l your brother, now and always?
robb;Season 1;Now and always
theon;Season 1;My sword is yours in victory and defeat, from this day until my last day
greatjon umber;Season 1;ing in the North
all;Season 1;ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North
all;Season 1;ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North
guard;Season 1;Lady Stark
catelyn;Season 1;l want to see him Now! Leave us.They walk for a while until they reach a single prisoner , kept away far from the rest
catelyn;Season 1;Leave us
jaime;Season 1;You look lovely tonight, Lady Stark Widowhood becomes you Your bed must be lonely ls that why you came? lm not at my best, but l think l could be of service You slip out of that gown and well see if lm up to it Oh, l do like a violent woman
catelyn;Season 1;l will kill you tonight, Ser Pack your head in a box and send it to your sister
jaime;Season 1;Let me show you how Hit me again, over the ear And again and again Youre stronger than you look, it shouldnt take long
catelyn;Season 1;That is what you want the world to believe, isnt it? That you dont fear death
jaime;Season 1;But l dont, my lady The dark is coming for all of us Why cry about it?
catelyn;Season 1;Because you are going to the deepest of the seven hells, if the gods are just
jaime;Season 1;What gods are those? The trees your husband prayed to? Where were the trees when his head was getting chopped off? lf your gods are real and if they are just why is the world so full of injustice?
catelyn;Season 1;Because of men like you
jaime;Season 1;There are no men like me Only me
catelyn;Season 1;My son Bran How did he come to fall from that tower?
jaime;Season 1;l pushed him out the window
catelyn;Season 1;Why?
jaime;Season 1;I hoped the fall would kill him
catelyn;Season 1;Why?
jaime;Season 1;You should get some sleep lts going to be a long war
lancel;Season 1;l cant believe were actually at war Was it this exciting last time, when you were young? What does it say? Have we captured Robb Stark yet? Whats our next move?
cersei;Season 1;Stop talking Get back into bed
tywin;Season 1;They have my son
tyrion;Season 1;The Stark boy appears to be less green than wed hoped
leo lefford;Season 1;lve heard his wolf killed a dozen men and as many horses
addam marbrand;Season 1;ls it true about Stannis and Renly?
kevan;Season 1;Both Baratheon brothers have taken up against us Jaime captured, his armies scattered lts a catastrophe Perhaps we should sue for peace
tyrion;Season 1;Theres your peace Joffrey saw to that when he decided to remove Ned Starks head Youll have an easier time drinking from that cup than you will bringing Robb Stark to the table now Hes winning – in case you hadnt noticed
kevan;Season 1;lm told we still have his sisters
leo lefford;Season 1;The first order of business is ransoming Ser Jaime
kevan;Season 1;First we must return to Casterly Rock to raise
tywin;Season 1;They have my son! Get out, all of you Not you You were right about Eddard Stark lf he were alive, we could have used him to broker a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun, which would have given us more time to deal with Roberts brothers But now – madness Madness and stupidity l always thought you were a stunted fool Perhaps l was wrong
tyrion;Season 1;Half wrong lm new to strategy, but unless we want to be surrounded by three armies, it appears we cant stay here
tywin;Season 1;No one will stay here Ser Gregor will head out with 500 riders and set the Riverland on fire from Gods Eye to the Red Fork The rest of us will regroup at Harrenhal And you will go to Kings Landing
tyrion;Season 1;And do what?
tywin;Season 1;Rule You will serve as Hand of the King in my stead You will bring that boy king to heel, and his mother too, if needs be And if you get so much as a whiff of treason from any of the rest – Baelish, Varys, Pycelle
tyrion;Season 1;Heads, spikes, walls Why not my uncle? Why not anyone? Why me?
tywin;Season 1;Youre my son Oh, one more thing You will not take that whore to court Do you understand?
daenerys;Season 1;Ser Jorah?
jorah;Season 1;Gently, gently
daenerys;Season 1;My son – where is he? l want him Where is he?
jorah;Season 1;The boy did not live
daenerys;Season 1;Tell me
jorah;Season 1;What is there to tell?
daenerys;Season 1;How did my son die?
jorah;Season 1;He never lived, my princess The women say
daenerys;Season 1;What do the women say?
jorah;Season 1;They say the child was
mirri maz duur;Season 1;Monstrous, twisted l pulled him out myself He was scaled like a lizard, blind, with leather wings like the wings of a bat When l touched him the skin fell from his bones Inside he was full of graveworms l warned you that only death can pay for life You knew the price
daenerys;Season 1;Where is Khal Drogo? Show him to me Show me what l bought with my sons life
mirri maz duur;Season 1;As you command, lady Come l will take you to him
jorah;Season 1;Time enough for that later
daenerys;Season 1;l want to see him now
daenerys;Season 1;The khalasar is gone
jorah;Season 1;A khal who cannot ride is no khal The Dothraki follow only the strong lm sorry, my Princess
daenerys;Season 1;Drogo! My sun and stars Why is he out here alone?
jorah;Season 1;He seems to like the warmth, Princess
mirri maz duur;Season 1;He lives You asked for life, you paid for life
daenerys;Season 1;This is not life When will he be as he was?
mirri maz duur;Season 1;When the sun rises in the west, sets in the east When the seas go dry When the mountains blow in the wind like leaves
daenerys;Season 1;Leave us
jorah;Season 1;l dont want you alone with this sorceress
daenerys;Season 1;l have nothing more to fear from this woman Go
daenerys;Season 1;You knew what l was buying and you knew the price
mirri maz duur;Season 1;lt was wrong of them to burn my temple lt angered the Great Shepherd
daenerys;Season 1;This is not Gods work My child was innocent
mirri maz duur;Season 1;lnnocent? He would have been The Stallion Who Mounts The World Now he will burn no cities Now his khalasar will trample no nations into dust
daenerys;Season 1;l spoke for you l saved you
mirri maz duur;Season 1;Saved me? Three of those riders had already raped me before you saved me, girl l saw my gods house burn, there where l had healed men and women beyond counting ln the streets l saw piles of heads, the head of the baker who makes my bread, the head of a young boy that l had cured of fever just three moons past So tell me again exactly what it was that you saved?
daenerys;Season 1;Your life
mirri maz duur;Season 1;Why dont you take a look at your khal Then you will see exactly what life is worth when all the rest has gone -
sam;Season 1;You cant
jon;Season 1;Get out of my way, Sam
sam;Season 1;Theyll put out the word Theyll send out ravens People will come after you Do you know what happens to deserters?
jon;Season 1;Better than you do
sam;Season 1;What are you going to do?
jon;Season 1;lm gonna find my brother and put a sword through King Joffreys throat
sam;Season 1;You cant leave us now We need you here
jon;Season 1;Move
sam;Season 1;l wont let you go
jon;Season 1;Move
sam;Season 1;No
jon;Season 1;Hyah!
shae;Season 1;Hand of the King?
tyrion;Season 1;So it would seem
shae;Season 1;And your father said you couldnt take anyone with you to Kings Landing?
tyrion;Season 1;No, he said l couldnt take you with me to Kings Landing He was very specific on that point
shae;Season 1;He knew my name?
tyrion;Season 1;What?
shae;Season 1;He said, Dont bring Shae with you to Kings Landing ?
tyrion;Season 1;l believe he used the word whore
shae;Season 1;Are you ashamed of me? Are you afraid that lm dancing around the court with my tits out?
shae;Season 1;I’m funny now? lm Shae, the funny whore
tyrion;Season 1;My fathers probably the most powerful man in the country Certainly the richest He has all Seven Kingdoms in his pockets Everyone everywhere always has to do exactly what my father says Hes always been a cunt l believe the ladies of the court could learn a great deal from a girl like you Why dont you come with me, be the Hands lady? Because the King needs a Hand and the Hand
shae;Season 1;l know what a Hand needs -
jon;Season 1;Ghost?Sam, Pyp
and grenn;Season 1;Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Hyah
grenn;Season 1;Samwell
pyp;Season 1;ls he dead?
grenn;Season 1;No, hes not dead
sam;Season 1;Did we get him?
grenn;Season 1;Come on, help me get him up
pyp;Season 1;Lucky youve got plenty of padding Were taking you back to where you belong
jon;Season 1;l belong with my brother
sam;Season 1;But were your brothers now
grenn;Season 1;Theyll kill you if they find out youve gone
jon;Season 1;Theyll kill you if they know you came after me Go back
pyp;Season 1;Sam told us everything Were sorry about your father
grenn;Season 1;But it doesnt matter You took the oath You cant leave
jon;Season 1;l have to
grenn;Season 1;You cant You said the words
jon;Season 1;I dont care about
sam;Season 1;Hear my words and bear witness to my vow
jon;Season 1;To hell with all of you
pyp;Season 1;Night gathers and now my watch begins lt shall not end until my death l shall live and die at my post
grenn;Season 1;l am the sword in the darkness – Sam, Pyp
and grenn;Season 1;l am the sword in the darkness, the watcher on the walls, the shield that guards the realms of men l pledge my life and honor to the Nights Watch, for this night and all nights to come.” -
daenerys;Season 1;Do you remember our first ride, my sun and stars? lf you are in there, if you havent gone away, show me Youre a fighter Youve always been a fighter l need you to fight now l know youre very far away, but come back to me, my sun and stars
daenerys;Season 1;When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east Then you shall return to me, my sun and stars In King’s Landing, Pycelle is having a conversation with someone in his bedchambers
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Kings? Oh, l can tell you all there is to know about kings The thing you need to understand about kings is – For the past 67 years, lve known truly known more kings than any man alive Theyre complicated men, but l know how to serve them Yes, and keep on serving them Aerys Targaryen Of all the thousand thousand maladies the Gods visit on us, madness is the worst He was a good man Such a charmer To watch him melt away before my eyes, consumed by dreams of fire and blood Robert Baratheon was an entirely different animal – powerful man, great warrior, but alas winning a kingdom and ruling a kingdom are rather different things They say that if a man goes through life with his battle visor down, he can often be blind to the enemies at his side Now l serve his son King Joffrey, may the Gods bless his reign
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;He is a capable young man Strong military mind Stern But sternness in defense of the realm is no vice lts far too soon to know what manner of king he will be, but l sense true greatness on the horizon for our new King Mmm True greatness
ros;Season 1;So whats the thing?
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;What thing?
ros;Season 1;About kings You said, The thing you need to understand about kings
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;What? Things? What?
ros;Season 1;When you started, you Never mind
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Let me see you out, my dear
ros;Season 1;lts all right No need
grand maester pycelle;Season 1;Yes, yes Till the next time Right
varys;Season 1;When you imagine yourself up there, how do you look? Does the crown fit? Do all the lords and ladies simper and bow, the ones who sneered at you for years?
littlefinger;Season 1;lts hard for them to simper and bow without heads
varys;Season 1;A man with great ambition and no morals l wouldnt bet against you
littlefinger;Season 1;And what would you do, my friend, if you found yourself sitting up there?
varys;Season 1;l must be one of the few men in this city who doesnt want to be King
littlefinger;Season 1;You must be one of the few men in the city who isnt a man
varys;Season 1;Oh, you can do better than that
littlefinger;Season 1;When they castrated you, did they take the pillar with the stones? lve always wondered
varys;Season 1;Have you? Do you spend a lot of time wondering whats between my legs?
littlefinger;Season 1;l picture a gash Like a womans ls that about right?
varys;Season 1;l am flattered, of course, to be pictured at all
littlefinger;Season 1;Must be strange for you, even after all these years a man from another land, despised by most, feared by all
varys;Season 1;Am l? That is good to know Do you lie awake at night fearing my gash?
littlefinger;Season 1;But you carry on whispering in one kings ear and then the next l admire you
varys;Season 1;And l admire you, Lord Baelish A grasper from a minor House with a major talent for befriending powerful men – and women
littlefinger;Season 1;A useful talent, lm sure youd agree
varys;Season 1;So here we stand in mutual admiration and respect
littlefinger;Season 1;Playing our roles
varys;Season 1;Serving a new King
littlefinger;Season 1;Long may he reign My king
varys;Season 1;My king
joffrey;Season 1;My lords Shall we begin?
yoren;Season 1;Youre Arry now, hear me? Arry the orphan boy No one asks an orphan too many questions, cause nobody gives three shits Whats your name?
arya;Season 1;Arry
yoren;Season 1;Youve a long way to travel, and in bad company lve 20 this time – men and boys all bound for the Wall Your lord father gave me the pick of the dungeons, and l didnt find no little lordlings down there This lot – half of them would turn you over to the King quick as spit for a pardon And the other half would do the same, except theyd rape you first So keep to yourself – and when you piss, do it in the woods alone You stay with this lot, boy And stay or lll lock you in the back of the wagon with these three
hot pie;Season 1;Watch yourself, midget
lommy greenhands;Season 1;Hes got a sword, this one
hot pie;Season 1;Whats a gutter rat like you doing with a sword?
lommy greenhands;Season 1;Maybe hes a little squire
hot pie;Season 1;He aint no squire Look at him He looks like a girl l bet he stole that sword
lommy greenhands;Season 1;Lets have a look
hot pie;Season 1;l could use me a sword like that
lommy greenhands;Season 1;Take it off him
hot pie;Season 1;Give it here, midget
lommy greenhands;Season 1;Look at him! Youd better give the sword lve seen him kick a boy to death
hot pie;Season 1;l knocked him down and l kicked him in the balls and l kept kicking him until he was dead l kicked him all to pieces You better give me that sword
arya;Season 1;You want it? lll give it to you l already killed one fat boy l bet you never killed anyone l bet youre a liar But lm not lm good at killing fat boys l like killing fat boys
gendry;Season 1;Your like picking on the little ones, do you? lve been hammering an anvil these past 10 years When l hit that steel, it sings Are you gonna sing when l hit you? This is castle-forged steel Whered you steal it?
arya;Season 1;lt was a gift
gendry;Season 1;lt dont matter now Where were going, they dont care what youve done Theyve got rapers, pickpockets, highwaymen, murderers
arya;Season 1;Which are you?
gendry;Season 1;Armourers apprentice But my master got sick of me, so here l am
yoren;Season 1;Come on, you sorry sons of whores! lts a thousand leagues from here to the Wall, and winter is coming!
jeor;Season 1;Ham How many days in a row must a man be expected to start his day with ham? Bring me some beer at least You look exhausted Was your moonlight ride that tiring? Dont look so terrified lf we beheaded everyone that ran away for the night, only ghosts would guard the Wall At least you werent whoring in Moles Town Honor made you leave, honor brought you back
jon;Season 1;My friends brought me back
jeor;Season 1;l didnt say it was your honor
jon;Season 1;They killed my father
jeor;Season 1;And youre gonna bring him back to life, are you? No? Good Weve had enough of that sort of thing Beyond the Wall, the Rangers are reporting whole villages abandoned At night they see fires blazing in the mountains from dusk until dawn A captured wildling swears their tribes are uniting in some secret stronghold, to what ends the gods only know Outside Eastwatch Cotter Pykes men discovered four blue-eyed corpses Unlike us, they were wise enough to burn them Do you think your brothers war is more important than ours?
jon;Season 1;No
jeor;Season 1;When dead men and worse come hunting for us in the night, do you think it matters who sits on the lron Throne?
jon;Season 1;No
jeor;Season 1;Good Because l want you and your wolf with us when we ride out beyond the Wall tomorrow
jon;Season 1;Beyond the Wall?
jeor;Season 1;lll not sit meekly by and wait for the snows l mean to find out whats happening The Nights Watch will ride in force against the wildlings, the White Walkers and whatever else is out there And we will find Benjen Stark, alive or dead l will command them myself So lll only ask you once, Lord Snow, are you a brother of the Nights Watch or a bastard boy who wants to play at war?
rakharo;Season 1;ls this your command, Khaleesi?
jorah;Season 1;Drogo will have no use for dragon eggs in the Night Lands Sell them You can return to the Free Cities and live as a wealthy woman for all your days
daenerys;Season 1;They were not given to me to sell
jorah;Season 1;Khaleesi, my Queen, l vow to serve you, obey you, to die for you if need be, but let him go, Khaleesi l know what you intend Do not
daenerys;Season 1;l must You dont understand
jorah;Season 1;Dont ask me to stand aside as you climb on that pyre l wont watch you burn
daenerys;Season 1;ls that what you fear? You will be my khalasar l see the faces of slaves l free you Take off your collars Go if you wish, no one will stop you But if you stay it will be as brothers and sisters, as husbands and wives
daenerys;Season 1;Ser Jorah, bind this woman to the pyre You swore to obey me l am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen of the blood of old Valyria I am the Dragon’s daughter And I swear to you that those who would harm you will die screaming
mirri maz duur;Season 1;You will not hear me scream
daenerys;Season 1;I will But it is not your screams I want Only your life
joffrey;Season 2;Well struck Well struck, Dog
joffrey;Season 2;Did you like that?
sansa;Season 2;It was well struck, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 2;I already said it was well struck
sansa;Season 2;Yes, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 2;Whos next?
announcer;Season 2;Lothor Brune, freerider in the service of Lord Baelish
announcer;Season 2;Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard
announcer;Season 2;Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard
ser dontos;Season 2;Here I am Here I am Sorry, Your Grace My deepest apologies
joffrey;Season 2;Are you drunk?
ser dontos;Season 2;No Uh, no, Your Grace I had I had two cups of wine
joffrey;Season 2;Two cups? Thats not much at all Please, have another cup
ser dontos;Season 2;Are you sure, Your Grace?
joffrey;Season 2;Yes, to celebrate my name day Have two, have as much as you like
ser dontos;Season 2;I would be honored, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 2;Ser Meryn, help Ser Dontos celebrate my name day See that he drinks his fill
sansa;Season 2;You cant
joffrey;Season 2;What did you say? Did you say I cant?
sansa;Season 2;I only meant it would be bad luck to kill a man on your name day
joffrey;Season 2;What kind of stupid peasants superstition.
sandor;Season 2;The girl is right What a man sows on his name day, he reaps all year
joffrey;Season 2;Take him away Ill have him killed tomorrow, the fool
sansa;Season 2;He is A fool youre so clever to see it Hell make a much better fool than a knight He doesnt deserve the mercy of a quick death
joffrey;Season 2;Did you hear My Lady, Ser Dontos? From this day, , youll be my new fool
ser dontos;Season 2;Thank you, Your Grace And you, My Lady, thank you
tyrion;Season 2;Beloved nephew
tyrion;Season 2;We looked for you on the battlefield You were nowhere to be found
joffrey;Season 2;Ive been here, ruling the kingdoms
tyrion;Season 2;What a fine job youve done Look at you More beautiful than ever And you! You, youre going to be bigger than the Hound, but much better looking This one doesnt like me
bronn;Season 2;Cant imagine why
joffrey;Season 2;We heard you were dead
myrcella;Season 2;Im glad youre not dead
tyrion;Season 2;Me, too, dear Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world My Lady, Im sorry for your loss
joffrey;Season 2;Her loss? Her father was a confessed traitor
tyrion;Season 2;But still her father Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father you can sympathize
sansa;Season 2;My father was a traitor My mother and brother are traitors, too I am loyal to my beloved Joffrey
tyrion;Season 2;Of course you are
tyrion;Season 2;Well, , enjoy your name day, Your Grace Wish I could stay and celebrate, but there is work to be done
joffrey;Season 2;What work? Why are you here?
pycelle;Season 2;The raven arrived from the Citadel this morning, Your Grace The conclave has met, , considered reports from Maesters all over the Seven Kingdoms, and declared this great summer done, at last The longest summer in living memory
varys;Season 2;The peasants say, a long summer means an even longer winter
pycelle;Season 2;A common superstition
littlefinger;Season 2;We have enough wheat for a five-year winter If it lasts any longer, , well have fewer peasants
janos;Season 2;The citys drowning in refugees, Your Grace, fleeing the war We have nowhere to house them, and with winter coming, itll only get worse
cersei;Season 2;You command the City Watch, do you not, Lord Slynt?
janos;Season 2;I do, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;And are you not a Lord at my command?
janos;Season 2;I owe my title and lands to your generosity, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;Then do your job Shut the gates to the peasants They belong in the field, not our capital
janos;Season 2;Yes, Your Grace
tyrion;Season 2;Dont get up More ravishing than ever, big sister War agrees with you Forgive the interruption, carry on
cersei;Season 2;What are you doing here?
tyrion;Season 2;Its been a remarkable journey I, , pissed off the edge of the Wall, I slept in a sky cell I fought with the hill tribes So many adventures, so much to be thankful for
cersei;Season 2;What are you doing here? This is the small council
tyrion;Season 2;Yes., well, I, do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all small council meetings
cersei;Season 2;Our father is Hand of the King
tyrion;Season 2;Yes, but in his absence
varys;Season 2;Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as Hand in his stead while he fights
cersei;Season 2;Out! All of you out I would like to know how you tricked father into this
tyrion;Season 2;If I were capable of tricking father, Id be emperor of the world by now You brought this on yourself
cersei;Season 2;Ive done nothing
tyrion;Season 2;Quite right You did nothing when your son called for Ned Starks head Now the entire North has risen up against us
cersei;Season 2;I tried to stop it
tyrion;Season 2;Did you? You failed That bit of theater will haunt our family for a generation
cersei;Season 2;Robb Stark is a child
tyrion;Season 2;Whos won every battle hes fought Do you understand were losing the war?
cersei;Season 2;What do you know about warfare?
tyrion;Season 2;Nothing But I know people And I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us
cersei;Season 2;Joffrey is King
tyrion;Season 2;Joffrey is King
cersei;Season 2;You are here to advise him
tyrion;Season 2;Im only here to advise him And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back
cersei;Season 2;How?
tyrion;Season 2;You love your children Its your one redeeming quality That and your cheekbones The Starks love their children as well And we have two of them
cersei;Season 2;One
tyrion;Season 2;One?
cersei;Season 2;Arya, little animal, she disappeared
tyrion;Season 2;Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke? We had three Starks to trade You chopped ones head off and let another escape Father will be furious It must be odd for you to be the disappointing child
lord;Season 2;My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons
lord;Season 2;The walls of my Holdfast will not stand the winter The stones were last mortared in the time of King Aerys, and Im afraid the masons today are not fit to carry their fathers hammers When I was a boy, I remember seeing them put up a new tower at Torrhens Square in a summer Men worked back then Today, my Holdfast looks like it was built by drunk children At night you can hear the wind howling through the gaps And the Gods forbid it rains Why, I might as well sleep beneath a waterfall
luwin;Season 2;Maintenance of a Holdfast generally falls to the lord of that Holdfast
lord;Season 2;Generally, yes, but Ive sent all the young men off to fight Robb Starks war
bran;Season 2;King Robb And its not his war He didnt choose it
lord;Season 2;Maybe not, My Lord, but he called in his Banners, and took the men
bran;Season 2;Joffrey killed my father, your liege lord Do you remember your vows, Ser?
lord;Season 2;Of course I remember
luwin;Season 2;We can spare four masons for a week, My Lord Will that be sufficient to repair your walls?
lord;Season 2;I I believe it will
luwin;Season 2;We didnt want him here all day, did we?
bran;Season 2;I didnt like the way he was talking about Robb
luwin;Season 2;Nor did I But listening to people youd rather not listen to is one of your responsibilities as Lord of Winterfell Lord Portan
portan;Season 2;My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons
osha;Season 2;Boil this for an hour and drink the tea Makes all your pain go away
bran;Season 2;Dont have any pain
osha;Season 2;Lucky for you
bran;Season 2;That way
osha;Season 2;Youve been having those dreams again
bran;Season 2;I dont dream
osha;Season 2;Everyone dreams
bran;Season 2;I dont Heard some of the men talking about the comet They say its an omen They say it means Robb will win a great victory in the South
osha;Season 2;Did they? I heard some other fools say its Lannister Red Means the Lannisters will rule all Seven Kingdoms before long I heard a stable boy say its the color of blood, to mark the death of your father
osha;Season 2;The stars dont fall for men The red comet means one thing, boy Dragons
bran;Season 2;The dragons are all dead Theyve been dead for centuries
doreah;Season 2;What did your brother say about them, Khaleesi?
daenerys;Season 2;He said they ate meat
doreah;Season 2;He didnt tell you what kind of meat?
daenerys;Season 2;My brother didnt know anything about dragons He didnt know anything about anything
daenerys;Season 2;She was Drogos first gift to me
jorah;Season 2;I remember
daenerys;Season 2;I promised to protect them Promised them their enemies would die screaming How do I make starvation scream?
jorah;Season 2;A trick I never learned, Im afraid
daenerys;Season 2;Does it ever end?
jorah;Season 2;This is further east than Ive ever been But, yes, Khaleesi, everything ends, even the red waste
daenerys;Season 2;And youre sure theres no other way?
jorah;Season 2;If we go south to the land of the Lazarheen, the Lamb Men will kill us and take your dragons If we go west to the Dothraki Sea, the first Khalasar we meet will kill us and take your dragons
daenerys;Season 2;No one will take my dragons
jorah;Season 2;They are too weak to fight, as are your people You must be their strength
daenerys;Season 2;As you are mine
daenerys;Season 2;Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro Take our remaining horses You will ride east, you southeast, and you northeast
rakharo;Season 2;What do we seek, Khaleesi?
daenerys;Season 2;Cities, living or dead Caravans and people Rivers or lakes or the great salt sea Find how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side
daenerys;Season 2;Rokharo, you are my last hope, blood of my blood
rakharo;Season 2;I will not fail you, blood of my blood
daenerys;Season 2;You never have
rakharo;Season 2;This is bad time to start
jon;Season 2;Having a rough time of it?
sam;Season 2;Nothings killed me yet
grenn;Season 2;Your ass killed the sledge
sam;Season 2;You offered me a ride
grenn;Season 2;I just wanted you to shut up about your damn blisters
edd;Season 2;I was born in a place like this Later, I fell on hard times The camera moves through the camp, to show some of the women working
sam;Season 2;Are those girls?
edd;Season 2;Crasters daughters
sam;Season 2;I havent seen a girl in six months
edd;Season 2;Id keep on not seeing them if I were you
grenn;Season 2;What, he dont like people messing with his daughters?
edd;Season 2;He dont like people messing with his wives
edd;Season 2;He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters, and on, and on it goes
sam;Season 2;Thats foul
grenn;Season 2;Its beyond foul
edd;Season 2;All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared Crasters still here He must be doing something right
jon;Season 2;What happens to the boys?
sam;Season 2;Hmm?
jon;Season 2;He marries his daughters What does he do with his sons?
lord;Season 2;He said he planned to stop here on his way to the Frostfangs
craster;Season 2;People make all sorts of plans I havent seen Benjen Stark in three years Havent missed him Always treated me like scum Havent had any good wine for a long time You Southerners make good wine, Ill give you that
jon;Season 2;Were not Southerners
craster;Season 2;Whos this little girl? Youre prettier than half my daughters You got a nice wet twat between your legs? Whats your name?
jon;Season 2;Jon Snow
craster;Season 2;Snow, eh? Listen to me, bastard All you lot from south of the Wall, youre Southerners But now youre in the North, the real North
lord;Season 2;The lad meant no harm
craster;Season 2;I catch that pretty little bastard talking to my daughters
lord;Season 2;No one will talk to your daughters, you have my word Now, sit down and shut your mouth
craster;Season 2;You bring any of that good wine with you?
lord;Season 2;We did We passed through six villages on the way here All six were abandoned Where have all the wildlings gone?
craster;Season 2;I could tell you, but Im thirsty
lord;Season 2;Theres a barrel of Dornish wine on the sledge Bring it in here
watchman;Season 2;Yes, commander
craster;Season 2;You want to know where theyve all gone? North! To join up with Mance Rayder Your old friend
lord;Season 2;Hes no friend of mine He broke his vows, betrayed his brothers
craster;Season 2;Oh, aye But once he was just a poor black crow And now hes King-Beyond-the-Wall
lord;Season 2;Hes been calling himself that for years What’s he king of? A frozen lake somewhere?
craster;Season 2;Thats a good-looking axe Fresh forged?
lord;Season 2;Give it here
lord;Season 2;Youll have another one made at Castle Black Here
craster;Season 2;Oh, thats some lovely steel You want to know what Mance Rayder is doing? Gathering an army What I hear, hes already got more men than any of your southern kings
lord;Season 2;And where does he plan marching this army?
craster;Season 2;When youre all the way north, theres only one direction to go
lord;Season 2;These are bad times to be living alone in the wild The cold winds are rising
craster;Season 2;Let them come My roots are sunk deep Wife, tell the Lord Crow how content we are
gilly;Season 2;This is our place Our husband keeps us safe Better to live free than die a slave
craster;Season 2;Dont it make you jealous, old man, to see me with all these young wives and you with no one to warm your bed?
lord;Season 2;We chose different paths
craster;Season 2;Oh, aye, and you chose the path with no one but boys on it Youll be wanting to sleep beneath my roof, I suppose, and eat me out of pigs
lord;Season 2;A roof would be welcome Its been hard riding Weve brought our own food and good steel for you
craster;Season 2;Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand And I see this one, , staring too long, I might just gouge his eyes out
lord;Season 2;Your roof, your rules
lord;Season 2;Who am I? Who am I?
jon;Season 2;Lord commander
lord;Season 2;And who are you?
jon;Season 2;Jon Snow
lord;Season 2;Who are you?
jon;Season 2;Your steward
lord;Season 2;You want to lead one day? Then learn how to follow
melisandre;Season 2;Lord of Light, come to us in our darkness We offer you these false Gods
melisandre;Season 2;Take them and cast your light upon us For the night is dark and full of terrors
the group;Season 2;For the night is dark and full of terrors
melisandre;Season 2;After the long summer, darkness will fall heavy on the world Stars will bleed
cressen;Season 2;We need to stop her
melisandre;Season 2;The cold breath of winter will freeze the seas
davos;Season 2;Not now
melisandre;Season 2;And the dead shall rise in the North
cressen;Season 2;All you men were named in the Light of the Seven! Is this how you treat the Gods of your fathers? Are you so eager to spit on your ancestors?
melisandre;Season 2;You smell of fear, fear and piss and old bones Do you want to stop me? Stop me
melisandre;Season 2;In the ancient books, its written that a warrior will draw a burning sword from the fire And that sword shall be Lightbringer Stannis Baratheon, warrior of light, your sword awaits you
crowd;Season 2;Lord, cast your light upon us
melisandre;Season 2;For the night is dark and full of terrors
stannis;Season 2;For the night is dark and full of terror
cressen;Season 2;This woman will lead him into a war he cannot win
davos;Season 2;Stannis is our king We follow where he leads, even if we dont like the path
cressen;Season 2;King Since that boar killed his brother, every lord wants a coronation
davos;Season 2;I dont serve the others I serve Stannis
cressen;Season 2;As do I, but loyal service means telling hard truths Hes surrounded by fools and fanatics, but he trusts you, Davos If you tell him the truth
davos;Season 2;Whats the truth?
matthos;Season 2;And I declare upon the honor of my house that my beloved brother Robert le-
stannis;Season 2;He wasnt my beloved brother I didnt love him, he didnt love me
davos;Season 2;A harmless courtesy, Your Grace
stannis;Season 2;A lie Take it out
matthos;Season 2;"That my brother Robert left no trueborn heirs; the boy Joffrey, the boy Tommen, and the girl Myrcella, being born of incest between Cersei Lannister and her brother Jaime Lannister By right of birth -"
stannis;Season 2;Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer Call him what he is
matthos;Season 2;And her brother Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim -
stannis;Season 2;Make it Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer Whatever else he is, the mans still a knight
matthos;Season 2;Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros Let all true men declare their loyalty
stannis;Season 2;When Eddard Stark learned the truth, he told only me Ill not make the same mistake Send copies of that letter to every corner of the Realm, from the Arbor to the Wall The time has come to choose Let no man claim ignorance as an excuse
davos;Season 2;Your Grace, the Lannisters are the true enemy If, for the time being, you could make peace with your brother
stannis;Season 2;Ill not make peace with Renly while he calls himself King
davos;Season 2;"Well, many have already declared for him; Mace Tyrell, Randyll Tarly"
melisandre;Season 2;Stannis does not need to beg this lord or that lord for support The Lord of Light stands behind him
davos;Season 2;And how many ships has the Lord of Light got in his fleet?
melisandre;Season 2;He has no need for ships
davos;Season 2;Im sure he doesnt, but we do if were going to war If not Renly, Your Grace, join forces with Robb Stark
stannis;Season 2;Who would steal the northern half of my kingdom Ive always served thieves according to their desserts, as you well know, Ser Davos Joffrey, Renly, Robb Stark, theyre all thieves Theyll bend the knee or Ill destroy them
cressen;Season 2;I owe you an apology, my King My duty is to serve You have chosen the new God over the Old Gods May the Lord of Light watch over us all Shall we drink together?
davos;Season 2;Dont
cressen;Season 2;A cup of wine to honor the one true God
unphased melisandre;Season 2;The night is dark and full of terrors, old man, but the fire burns them all away Your Grace
jaime;Season 2;King in the North I keep expecting you to leave me in one castle or another for safekeeping, but you drag me along from camp to camp Have you grown fond of me, Stark? Is that it? Ive never seen you with a girl
robb;Season 2;If I left you with one of my bannermen, your father would know within a fortnight, and my bannerman would receive a raven with a message, Release my son and youll be rich beyond your dreams Refuse and your house will be destroyed, root and stem
jaime;Season 2;You dont trust the loyalty of the men following you into battle?
robb;Season 2;Oh, I trust them with my life Just not with yours
jaime;Season 2;Smart boy Whats wrong? Dont like being called boy’? Insulted?
robb;Season 2;You insult yourself, Kingslayer Youve been defeated by a boy
robb;Season 2;Youre held captive by a boy Perhaps youll be killed by a boy Stannis Baratheon sent ravens to all the high lords of Westeros King Joffrey Baratheon is neither a true king nor a true Baratheon Hes your bastard son
jaime;Season 2;If thats true, Stannis is the rightful king How convenient for him
robb;Season 2;My father learned the truth Thats why you had him executed
jaime;Season 2;I was your prisoner when Ned Stark lost his head
robb;Season 2;Your son killed him so the world wouldnt learn who fathered him And you you pushed my brother from a window because he saw you with the queen
jaime;Season 2;You have proof? Or do you want to trade gossip like a couple of fishwives?
robb;Season 2;Im sending one of your cousins down to Kings Landing with my peace terms
jaime;Season 2;You think my fathers going to negotiate with you? You dont know him very well
robb;Season 2;No, but hes starting to know me
jaime;Season 2;Three victories dont make you a conqueror
robb;Season 2;Its better than three defeats
shae;Season 2;This city stinks Like dead bodies
tyrion;Season 2;A bit corpsey, yes
shae;Season 2;And shit
tyrion;Season 2;I thought you wanted to come here
shae;Season 2;I love it
tyrion;Season 2;You love the smell of dead bodies and shit?
shae;Season 2;And cum and garlic and rum
tyrion;Season 2;You can smell cum from the balcony?
shae;Season 2;I love the stink I love the noise Cities make me want to fuck
tyrion;Season 2;And so did the country
shae;Season 2;This is where I belong
tyrion;Season 2;Yes, well, you need to be careful No one can know youre here
shae;Season 2;No one will know
tyrion;Season 2;"You cant trust anyone in Kings Landing Theyre all liars; good liars, bad liars, one or two great liars"
shae;Season 2;What about you?
tyrion;Season 2;Me? Im not from here Im a slave to the truth
shae;Season 2;Truth? You are the biggest little liar I have ever met
tyrion;Season 2;Why do you think I am so little? Im being, , crushed beneath the weight of all that truth
tyrion;Season 2;Ned Stark actually slept on this, as if the poor man didnt suffer enough One of the many changes well have to make around here
cersei;Season 2;Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 2;Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;I wonder if I might ask you for a favor
littlefinger;Season 2;Of course, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;Ned Starks youngest daughter Arya we cant seem to locate her
littlefinger;Season 2;If shes escaped the capital, Winterfell seems the logical destination
cersei;Season 2;And yet my friends in the North report no sign of her
littlefinger;Season 2;Curious
cersei;Season 2;If we choose to negotiate with the Starks, the girl has some value Whoever finds her, well, you know what they say about Lannisters and debts
littlefinger;Season 2;Well, you could ask Varys where she is Hell have an answer for you Whether you believe it,,, Myself, I have always had a hard time trusting eunuchs Who knows what they want?
cersei;Season 2;A mockingbird You created your own Sigil, didnt you?
littlefinger;Season 2;Yes
cersei;Season 2;Appropriate for a self-made man with so many songs to sing
littlefinger;Season 2;Im glad you like it Some people are fortunate enough to be born into the right family Others have to find their own way
cersei;Season 2;I heard a song once about a boy of modest means who found his way into the home of a very prominent family He loved the eldest daughter Sadly, she had eyes for another
littlefinger;Season 2;When boys and girls live in the same home, awkward situations can arise Sometimes, Ive heard, even brothers and sisters develop certain affections And when these affections become common knowledge, well, that is an awkward situation, indeed Especially in a prominent family But prominent families often forget a simple truth, Ive found
cersei;Season 2;And which truth is that?
littlefinger;Season 2;Knowledge is power
cersei;Season 2;Seize him Cut his throat Stop Wait Ive changed my mind Let him go Step back three paces Turn around Close your eyes Power is power Do see if you can take some time away from your coins and your whores to locate the Stark girl for me I would very much appreciate it
robb;Season 2;Youre Ser Alton Lannister?
alton;Season 2;I am, Your Grace
robb;Season 2;I offer your cousins peace if they meet my terms First, your family must release my sisters Second, my fathers bones must be returned to us so he may rest beside his brother and sister in the crypts beneath Winterfell And the remains of all those who died in his service must also be returned Their families can honor them with proper funerals
alton;Season 2;An honorable request, Your Grace
robb;Season 2;Third Joffrey and the Queen Regent must renounce all claim to dominion of the North From this time, till the end of time, we are a free and independent kingdom
ser rodrik;Season 2;ing in the North THE OTHERS AT THE
table;Season 2;King in the North
robb;Season 2;Neither Joffrey nor any of his men shall set foot in our lands again If he disregards this command, he shall suffer the same fate as my father, only I dont need a servant to do my beheading for me
alton;Season 2;These are Your Grace, these are.
robb;Season 2;These are my terms If the Queen Regent and her son meet them, Ill give them peace If not, I will litter the south with Lannister dead
alton;Season 2;King Joffrey is a Baratheon, Your Grace
robb;Season 2;Oh, is he? Youll ride at daybreak, Ser Alton That will be all for tonight
theon;Season 2;A word, Your Grace?
robb;Season 2;You dont have to call me Your Grace’ when no ones around
theon;Season 2;Its not so bad once you get used to it
robb;Season 2;Im glad someones gotten used to it
theon;Season 2;The Lannisters are going to reject your terms, you know?
robb;Season 2;Of course they are
theon;Season 2;We can fight them in the fields as long as you like, but we wont beat them until you take Kings Landing And we cant take Kings Landing without ships My father has ships and men who know how to sail them
robb;Season 2;Men who fought my father
theon;Season 2;Men who fought King Robert to free themselves from the yoke of the South, just like youre doing now Im his only living son Hell listen to me I know he will Im not a Stark I know that But your father raised me to be an honorable man We can avenge him together
catelyn;Season 2;You dont want Balon Greyjoy for an ally
robb;Season 2;I need his ships They say he has 200
catelyn;Season 2;They say a million rats live in the sewers of Kings Landing Shall we rally them to fight for us?
robb;Season 2;I understand you dont trust Lord Greyjoy
catelyn;Season 2;I dont trust Lord Greyjoy because he is not trustworthy Your father had to go to war to end his rebellion
robb;Season 2;Yes And now Im the one rebelling against the throne Before me, it was father You married one rebel and mothered another
catelyn;Season 2;I mothered more than just rebels, a fact you seem to have forgotten
robb;Season 2;If I trade the Kingslayer for two girls, my bannermen will string me up by my feet
catelyn;Season 2;You want to leave Sansa in the Queens hands? And Arya, I havent heard a word about Arya What are we fighting for if not for them?
robb;Season 2;Its more complicated than that! You know it is
catelyn;Season 2;Its time for me to go home I havent seen Bran or Rickon in months
robb;Season 2;You cant go to Winterfell
catelyn;Season 2;I beg your pardon?
robb;Season 2;Ill send Rodrik to watch over the boys, cause tomorrow, youll ride south to the Stormlands
catelyn;Season 2;Why in the name of all the Gods
robb;Season 2;Because I need you to negotiate with Renly Baratheon Hes rallied an army of 100,000 You know him You know his family
catelyn;Season 2;I havent seen Renly Baratheon since he was a boy You have a hundred other lords
robb;Season 2;Which of these lords do I trust more than you? If Renly sides with us, well outnumber them two to one When they feel the jaws beginning to shut, theyll sue for peace Well get the girls back Then well all go home for good
catelyn;Season 2;I will ride at first light
robb;Season 2;We will all be together again soon, I promise
catelyn;Season 2;Youve done so well Your father would be proud
robb;Season 2;Give Lord Renly my regards
catelyn;Season 2;King Renly Theres a king in every corner now
cersei;Season 2;What is all this?
joffrey;Season 2;Returning this room to its proper appearance Say what you will about the Targaryens, they were conquerors That is a seat for a conqueror It needs a room to match it, not vines and flowers
cersei;Season 2;We cant find Arya Stark
joffrey;Season 2;With luck, shes dead in a ditch somewhere
cersei;Season 2;Perhaps But if not, we need her Theyll never give Jaime back to us for Sansa alone
joffrey;Season 2;I think they might Theyre weak They put too much value on their women
cersei;Season 2;We need to set our armies to the task of finding her Send out as many men as we can Im sure if you asked grandfather
joffrey;Season 2;"ing does not ask; He commands And my grandfathers stupidity in the field of battle is the reason Robb Stark has Uncle Jaime in the first place"
cersei;Season 2;His life is in danger
joffrey;Season 2;Were at war All our lives are in danger I heard a disgusting lie about Uncle Jaime And you
cersei;Season 2;Our enemies will say anything to weaken your claim to the throne
joffrey;Season 2;Its not a claim The throne is mine
cersei;Season 2;Of course it is No one believes this foul gossip
joffrey;Season 2;Someone believes it Father had other children? Besides me and Tommen and Myrcella?
cersei;Season 2;What are you asking?
joffrey;Season 2;Im asking if he fucked other women when he grew tired of you How many bastards does he have running
joffrey;Season 2;What you just did is punishable by death You will never do it again Never That will be all, Mother
roz;Season 2;No, no, no, no Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound? Ease into it Slowly, with passion
roz;Season 2;Go wash yourselves Put some clothes on Both of you are working tonight
roz;Season 2;We do things differently here, Daisy This isnt some five-copper bawdy house in Hayseed Hall
daisy;Season 2;Haystack Hall
roz;Season 2;Wherever youre from Our establishment doesnt cater to ploughmen and goat herders Lord Olsen Taste is everything here
daisy;Season 2;Littlefingers a fancy man
roz;Season 2;Dont call him Littlefinger, he doesnt like it Lord Baelish
roz;Season 2;She pretends she doesnt speak the common tongue so that people will think shes exotic She grew up just down the road in flea bottom
daisy;Season 2;Shes beautiful
roz;Season 2;Shes a dumb slut, really, but a lid for every pot Lord Commander Good to see you, again
roz;Season 2;You do realize this establishment is owned by Lord Petyr Baelish, the Kings Master of Coin Coin which goes in many pockets
janos;Season 2;Orders
roz;Season 2;Whose orders?
janos;Season 2;Someone who doesnt care what Littlefinger thinks
mhaegan;Season 2;No, you cant
mhaegan;Season 2;No! Please! No! Not my Barra! Please Please
janos;Season 2;Enough Get it done Kill the bastard
janos;Season 2;Give it here
gold cloak;Season 2;Spread out! Search every house, every room Look in every room
blacksmith;Season 2;Gendry! His name is Gendry
janos;Season 2;Where is the bastard?
blacksmith;Season 2;The Nights Watch! Please, stop
janos;Season 2;Where?
blacksmith;Season 2;They took him up the Kingsroad, heading north
janos;Season 2;How will we know him?
blacksmith;Season 2;Hes got a bulls head helmet He made it himself
cersei;Season 2;What are you doing here?
varys;Season 2;Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as hand in his stead
tyrion;Season 2;You brought this on yourself
cersei;Season 2;I’ve done nothing
tyrion;Season 2;Do you understand we’re losing the war?
daenerys;Season 2;Does it ever end?
jorah;Season 2;Everything ends, even the red waste
daenerys;Season 2;Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro Take our remaining horses Find out how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side
edd;Season 2;All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared Craster’s still here
craster;Season 2;Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand
edd;Season 2;He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters
jon;Season 2;What happens to the boys? What does he do with his sons?
matthos;Season 2;My brother Robert left no trueborn heirs, the boy Joffrey being born of incest between Cersei Lannister, and her brother Jaime Lannister By right of birth, and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros
stannis;Season 2;Send copies of that letter to every corner of the realm
robb;Season 2;I’m sending one of your cousins down to King’s Landing with my peace terms
jaime;Season 2;You think my father’s going to negotiate with you? You don’t know him very well
theon;Season 2;We won’t beat them until we take King’s Landing, and we can’t take King’s Landing without ships My father has ships, and men who know how to sail them
robb;Season 2;Men who fought my father
theon;Season 2;I’m his only living son He’ll listen to me
catelyn;Season 2;You don’t want Balon Greyjoy for an ally
robb;Season 2;I need his ships
catelyn;Season 2;He is not trustworthy
joffrey;Season 2;I heard a disgusting lie about uncle Jaime and you Father had other children?
cersei;Season 2;What are you asking?
joffrey;Season 2;How many bastards does he have running around?
janos;Season 2;Where is the bastard?
blacksmith;Season 2;The Night’s Watch! Heading North
jaqen;Season 2;Boy
jaqen;Season 2;Lovely boy
arya;Season 2;What do you want?
jaqen;Season 2;A man has a thirst The man does not drink for a day and a night A boy could make a friend
arya;Season 2;I have friends
rorge;Season 2;Give us a beer Before I skin you
jaqen;Season 2;A man does not choose his companions These two, they have no courtesy A man must ask forgiveness Youre called Arry This man has the honor to be Jaqen Hghar Once of the Free City of Lorath
rorge;Season 2;Hey, you little shit Get us beer
arya;Season 2;You should have asked nicely
rorge;Season 2;Come closer And Ill shove that stick up your bunghole and fuck you bloody
jaqen;Season 2;The boy has more courage than sense
rorge;Season 2;Come here
gendry;Season 2;Yoren said none of us were should go near of those three
rorge;Season 2;Come here
arya;Season 2;They dont scare me
gendry;Season 2;Hmm? Then youre stupid They scare me
arya;Season 2;What are gold cloaks doing this far from Kings Landing?
gendry;Season 2;What are you doing?
arya;Season 2;Theyre looking for me
gold cloak;Season 2;Youre in command here?
yoren;Season 2;Youre a long way from home
gold cloak;Season 2;I asked you a question
yoren;Season 2;Aye, you did You asked without manners And I chose not to answer
gold cloak;Season 2;I have a royal warrant For one of these gutter rats youre transporting
yoren;Season 2;Well the thing is, , these gutter rats belong to the Nights Watch now That puts them beyond the reach of kings and queens
yoren;Season 2;Its a funny thing People worry so much about their throats, they forget about whats down low Now I sharpened this blade before breakfast I could shave a spiders arse if I wanted to Or, I could nick this artery in your leg and once its nicked, theres no one around here who knows how to un-nick it
yoren;Season 2;Well just keep that Good steel is always needed on the wall Seems you have a choice You can die here at this crossroads a long way from home Or you can go back to your city and tell your masters you didnt find what you were looking for
gold cloak;Season 2;Were looking for a boy named Gendry He carries a bulls head helmet Anyone turning him over will earn the Kings reward Well be back With more men And Ill be taking your head home along with that bastard boy
varys;Season 2;My lord
shae;Season 2;You make me wait a long time, but your friend keeps me company
varys;Season 2;We were just speaking of your bravery in the victory against the Stark auxiliary forces
tyrion;Season 2;It was quite a battle
varys;Season 2;I heard you suffered a terrible head wound The northerners are such fearsome warriors
shae;Season 2;And I tell him the story of how we meet
varys;Season 2;To find so lovely creature working in your fathers kitchen It almost beggars belief
tyrion;Season 2;Strange things do happen You should taste her fish pie
shae;Season 2;I dont think Lord Varys likes fish pie
varys;Season 2;How can you tell?
shae;Season 2;I can always tell
tyrion;Season 2;Men like Lord Varys and I cant let our disadvantages get the best of us Well make a fisherman of him yet
varys;Season 2;I am glad your new friend was able to accompany you to the capital Friends are such an important part of life Unfortunate that your father didnt want her to come But rest easy my lord, I am very good at keeping secrets for my good friends
tyrion;Season 2;Your discretion is legendary, where your friends are concerned
varys;Season 2;How unspeakable of me to go on and on, when all you want to do is rest I will leave you Welcome to Kings Landing, my dear The city is made brighter by your presence We have a council meeting, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;I dont like threats
varys;Season 2;Who threatened you?
tyrion;Season 2;Im not Ned Stark I understand the way this game is played
varys;Season 2;Ned Stark was a man of honor
tyrion;Season 2;And I am not Threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea
varys;Season 2;You might be disappointed in the results The storms come and go The big fish eat the little fish And I keep on paddling Come, my lord We shouldnt keep the queen waiting
cersei;Season 2;From this time until the end of time, we are not part of your realm, but a free and independent Kingdom of the North.” He has more spirit than his father, Ill give him that
tyrion;Season 2;Youve perfected the art of tearing up papers Give him his fathers bones back, at least, as a gesture of good faith
cersei;Season 2;Youll give the Starks our reply, cousin?
alton;Season 2;I will, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;Did you see my brother when you were the Starks guest?
alton;Season 2;I did They have not broken his spirit, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;If you speak with him, tell him hes not been forgotten
alton;Season 2;I will, Your Grace
tyrion;Season 2;Safe travels, cousin
tyrion;Season 2;You have a deft hand with diplomacy
cersei;Season 2;If thats everything?
pycelle;Season 2;A raven flew in this morning from Castle Black
varys;Season 2;Trouble with the wildlings?
littlefinger;Season 2;Thats why theyre called wildlings
varys;Season 2;Somewhat less wild these days It seems theyve stopped killing each other and started following this King-Beyond-the-Wall
cersei;Season 2;Another king? How many is that now, Five? Ive lost count
tyrion;Season 2;Lord Commander asks that we send more men to man The Wall
cersei;Season 2;Perhaps hes forgotten were fighting a war We have no men to spare
tyrion;Season 2;Cold winds are rising, and the dead rise with them
pycelle;Season 2;The northerners are a superstitious people
tyrion;Season 2;According to the Commander, one of these dead men attacked him in his chambers Mormont doesnt lie
varys;Season 2;How do you kill a dead man?
tyrion;Season 2;Apparently you burn him
cersei;Season 2;One trip to The Wall and you come back believing in grumpkins and snarks
tyrion;Season 2;I dont know what I believe, but heres a fact for you The Nights Watch is the only thing that separates us from what lies beyond the Wall
cersei;Season 2;I have every confidence the brave men of the Nights Watch will protect us all
edd;Season 2;Then I said, if the gods wanted us to have dignity, wouldnt make us fart when we died
grenn;Season 2;We fart when we die?
edd;Season 2;My blessed mother was holding her own when she left this world She farted so hard, the whole bed shook
sam;Season 2;Seems a bit greedy for one man to have so many wives Wouldnt two, or three, be enough for him?
edd;Season 2;We were having a serious discussion
grenn;Season 2;Would you look at that
sam;Season 2;Nothing like the sight of a woman walking away
grenn;Season 2;I prefer watching them come towards me
sam;Season 2;Im sure thats nice too
grenn;Season 2;Well, there was a milkmaid named Violet on the next farm over from where I grew up And we were wrestling together from the time we were six years old And then we got older, the wrestling, uh, , changed
sam;Season 2;You were with her? How many times?
grenn;Season 2;Well, as many times as I could
sam;Season 2;Wish Id grew up on a farm
edd;Season 2;We need more potatoes And get another sack for the sludge Get the turnips too
same;Season 2;No Ghost, no No Ghost, away Shoo Shoo! You all right? Did he frighten you?
gilly;Season 2;You shouldnt touch me
sam;Season 2;Oh, oh Right Im sorry I just wanted to make sure you werent hurt
gilly;Season 2;Youre very brave
jon;Season 2;What’re you doing?
sam;Season 2;This is Gilly, shes one of Crasters daughters
jon;Season 2;Hello, Gilly What’re you doing?
gilly;Season 2;Sam said you could help
jon;Season 2;Im sorry, Sam knows were not supposed to
sam;Season 2;Shes pregnant We have to take her with us, when we leave
jon;Season 2;What?
sam;Season 2;I know it sounds a bit mad
jon;Season 2;No it doesnt sound a bit mad, its impossible
sam;Season 2;The Lord Commander, , we are sworn to protect
jon;Season 2;Sam we cant take her
gilly;Season 2;Please sir, please I can still run if I have to
jon;Season 2;Its just not possible
gilly;Season 2;Im going to have a baby, if its a boy I
jon;Season 2;If its a boy what? You want us to risk our lives for you, and you wont even tell us why
sam;Season 2;Why did you do that?
jon;Season 2;Do what, ask her a question?
sam;Season 2;You were cruel
jon;Season 2;Cruel! Sam are you in such a hurry to lose a hand?
sam;Season 2;I didnt touch her
jon;Season 2;No you just want to steal her What do you think Craster cuts off for that?
sam;Season 2;I cant steal her, shes a person not a goat
jon;Season 2;Were heading deeper and deeper into wildling territory We cant take a girl with us Mormont wouldnt have it And even if he would, what would we do with her? Whos gonna deliver her baby? You?
sam;Season 2;I could try What? Ive read about it A bit
jon;Season 2;Im sorry Sam, we cant help her
jorah;Season 2;Khaleesi
jorah;Season 2;You dont need to see this
daenerys;Season 2;He is blood of my blood
daenerys;Season 2;Who did this?
jorah;Season 2;Khal Pono perhaps, Khal Jhaqo They dont like the idea of a woman leading a Khalasaar
daenerys;Season 2;They will like it far less when Im done with them
irri;Season 2;No! They killed his soul
daenerys;Season 2;Shh They cannot kill his soul
irri;Season 2;They did! They butchered him like an animal They did not burn his body He can never join his ancestors in the night lands
daenerys;Season 2;Shh We will build him a funeral pyre
daenerys;Season 2;And I promise you, Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight
woman;Season 2;Is it as you remember my lord?
theon;Season 2;Looks smaller
woman;Season 2;Everything looks bigger when youre a child I remember my fathers cabin, felt like a palace when I was little Now look at it
theon;Season 2;Theyll be waiting for me on the docks
woman;Season 2;Who will?
theon;Season 2;Anyone who matters, , this is a big day for them They havent had much to get excited about since I left Its a hard place the Iron Islands always has been Its cold and its wet
woman;Season 2;I love the cold and wet
theon;Season 2;They say hard places breed hard men, , and hard men rule the world
woman;Season 2;Then youll be king before long
theon;Season 2;Try smiling with your lips closed Hmm, better
woman;Season 2;My father doesnt trust you Iron islanders
theon;Season 2;I dont blame him
woman;Season 2;He says that youre all reavers and rapers And that no matter how many women you have, youll never be satis
theon;Season 2;Quit talking about your father Hes right about us Our wives from the Iron Islands, theyre for breeding Thats not enough for us Thats why we take saltwives, from the women we capture
woman;Season 2;Capture me! Take me with you when you go ashore Make me your saltwife
theon;Season 2;Your place is on this ship
woman;Season 2;Not after you leave Father will punish me Hell call me a whore
theon;Season 2;I havent paid you
man;Season 2;I barely touched her And you charge twice as much as every other brothel And this is what I get, crying
littlefinger;Season 2;One moment, my friend A moment
littlefinger;Season 2;Please accept my sincerest apologies Ramka will take good care of you
roz;Season 2;I’m sorry, my lord
littlefinger;Season 2;Shhh Did he hurt you?
roz;Season 2;No, my lord It’s Mhaegen
littlefinger;Season 2;Who?
roz;Season 2;She works for you Shes the one, the girl whose, they killed her baby
littlefinger;Season 2;Ah, yes, that was poorly handled Sometimes those with the most power have the least grace
roz;Season 2;Cant stop thinking about it, I cant sleep Her poor little baby
littlefinger;Season 2;You know, you remind me of another girl A lovely thing I once acquired from an Elysium pleasure house Beautiful, like yourself, and intelligent as yourself But she wasnt happy She cried, often I asked her why but, we didnt have the kind of rapport that you and I have Yes, it was quite sad Girls from Elysium pleasure houses are expensive Extremely expensive And this one wasnt making me any money I hate bad investments Really, I do They haunt me I had no idea how to make her happy, no idea how to mitigate my losses A very wealthy patron, he offered me a tremendous amount of money to let him transform this lovely, sad girl To use her in ways that never occur to most men And you know what occurs to most men I would not say he succeeded in making her happy but my losses were definitely mitigated Take tonight off to mourn Mhaegen’s child I’ll see you tomorrow But you’ll be happy? That makes me happy
podrick;Season 2;More wine?
janos;Season 2;Damn it, boy
podrick;Season 2;Apologies, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;Leave us, Podrick I believe we know how to pour our own wine
janos;Season 2;Is that your new squire? Could have found you a proper lad
tyrion;Season 2;Myself, I prefer the improper ones
janos;Season 2;Hmm, thats a good red Dornish?
tyrion;Season 2;You know your wines, my lord
janos;Season 2;That I do A fine dinner, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;Call me Tyrion, please Im sure youre getting used to fine dinners, now that youre a lord
janos;Season 2;Maybe Ill hire this cook of yours
tyrion;Season 2;Wars have been started for less
tyrion;Season 2;I heard there was some trouble in Littlefingers brothel the other night
janos;Season 2;Hmm Nasty business, had to be done
tyrion;Season 2;Yes, of course City Watch must keep the peace Only, I hadnt realized peace depended on killing babies
janos;Season 2;Orders are orders
tyrion;Season 2;Quite right Especially the queens orders
janos;Season 2;I never said they were the queens orders
tyrion;Season 2;No, but who else would want to murder King Roberts bastards? Shes always been a jealous woman
janos;Season 2;You know your sister better than I do
tyrion;Season 2;Youve heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister
janos;Season 2;I dont listen to filth
tyrion;Season 2;Thats good of you, but you have heard them I suppose people who do believe that filth, consider Roberts bastards to be better claimants to the throne than Cerseis children
janos;Season 2;Joffrey is my king, the rest doesnt interest me
tyrion;Season 2;I appreciate your loyalty Tell me When your men slaughtered Ned Starks men in the throne room, did you give the order?
janos;Season 2;I did And I would again The man was a traitor He tried to buy my loyalty
tyrion;Season 2;The fool! He had no idea you were already bought
janos;Season 2;Are you drunk? Ill not have my honor questioned by an Imp
tyrion;Season 2;Im not questioning your honor, Lord Janos Im denying its existence
janos;Season 2;You think Ill stand here and take this from you, dwarf
tyrion;Season 2;Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless youd like to take it from my friend here
tyrion;Season 2;I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldnt feel safe with you lurking about
janos;Season 2;What are you ta My friends at court will not allow this The queen herself
tyrion;Season 2;The queen regent And youre a fool to believe shes your friend
janos;Season 2;We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this
tyrion;Season 2;No, we shant
tyrion;Season 2;Theres a ship leaving for East Watch by the sea tonight From there, Im afraid its rather a long walk to Castle Black I hope you enjoy the Wall I found it surprisingly beautiful, in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way
bronn;Season 2;The lads will escort you The streets arent safe at night, my lord
janos;Season 2;These men are under my command I command you to arrest this cutthroat
tyrion;Season 2;His name is Bronn and he is the new commander of the City Watch
bronn;Season 2;Boys?
janos;Season 2;I have friends at court! Powerful friends! The king himself made me a lord!Janos is escorted out of view Bronn sits down, and Tyrion pours him a cup of wine
tyrion;Season 2;To the new Commander
tyrion;Season 2;If I told you to murder, an infant girl say, still at her mothers breast, would you do it without question?
bronn;Season 2;Without question? No Id ask how much
lommy;Season 2;If they come back, I say we yield Gendrys the one they want I dont want to get caught in the middle of a battle
hot pie;Season 2;Im not afraid of no battles
arya;Season 2;If you got within a mile of a battle, youd fill your pants
hot pie;Season 2;Ive seen lots of battles I saw
arya;Season 2;Liar
hot pie;Season 2;I saw a man kill another man just outside a tavern in Flea Bottom Stabbed him right in the neck
lommy;Season 2;Two men fighting isnt a battle
hot pie;Season 2;They had armor on
arya;Season 2;So?
hot pie;Season 2;So, if they got armor on, its a battle
lommy;Season 2;No, it isnt
hot pie;Season 2;Whats a dyers apprentice know about battles anyway?
arya;Season 2;Gendrys an armorers apprentice Hot Pie, tell Gendry what makes it a battle
hot pie;Season 2;Its when theyve got armor on
gendry;Season 2;Now who told you that
hot pie;Season 2;A knight?
gendry;Season 2;Howd you know he was a knight?
hot pie;Season 2;Well, cause he got armor on
gendry;Season 2;You dont have to be a knight to have armor Any idiot can buy armor
hot pie;Season 2;Howd you know?
gendry;Season 2;Cause I sold armor
arya;Season 2;What do the gold cloaks want with you?
gendry;Season 2;No idea
arya;Season 2;Youre a liar
gendry;Season 2;You shouldnt insult people that are bigger than you
arya;Season 2;Then I wouldnt get to insult anyone
gendry;Season 2;Well, I don’t care what any of them want No goods ever come of their questions
arya;Season 2;No goods ever come? Who asked questions before?
gendry;Season 2;How can someone so small be such a huge pain in my ass?
arya;Season 2;Who asked questions?
gendry;Season 2;The Hand of the King Er, hands of the King Lord Arryn came first, a few weeks before he died And then Lord Stark came, a few weeks before he died
arya;Season 2;Lord Stark
gendry;Season 2;See? Asking me questions is bad luck Youll probably be dead soon
arya;Season 2;What did they ask about?
gendry;Season 2;My mom
arya;Season 2;Whos your mom?
gendry;Season 2;Just my mom Worked in a tavern Died when I was little
arya;Season 2;And who was your father?
gendry;Season 2;He could be one of those gold-hatted bastards, for all I know What about you, anyway? You thought they were after you, why? Did you kill someone, or is it just because youre a girl?
arya;Season 2;Im not a girl
gendry;Season 2;Yes you are You think Im as stupid as the rest of them?
arya;Season 2;Stupider Nights Watch doesnt take girls, everyone knows that
gendry;Season 2;Thats true Youre still a girl
arya;Season 2;I am not
gendry;Season 2;Well, pull your cock out and take a piss then
arya;Season 2;I dont need to take a piss Lommy and Hot Pie can’t know No one can know
gendry;Season 2;They wont Not from me
arya;Season 2;My names not Arry Its Arya Of House Stark Yoren is taking me home to Winterfell
gendry;Season 2;He was your father The Hand The traitor
arya;Season 2;He was never a traitor! Joffrey is a liar
gendry;Season 2;So youre a highborn, then Youre a lady
arya;Season 2;No I mean yes My mother was a lady, and my sister
gendry;Season 2;You were a lords daughter and you lived in a castle Look, all that about cocks I should never have said that Ive been pissing in front of you and everything I should be calling you milady
arya;Season 2;Do not call me milady
gendry;Season 2;As milady commands Well, that was unladylike The scene starts with a wide shot of the busy docks Theon stands in a rowboat as is comes up against the side of a wall He gets out and walks up some stairs An old man spots him
man;Season 2;What you carrying?
theon;Season 2;Pears and oranges Wine from the Arbor And the heir to Pyke of the Iron Islands The only living son of Balon Greyjoy Me
man;Season 2;Dont like wine Womans drink
theon;Season 2;I need to get to Pyke
man;Season 2;Ill find you a horse
yara;Season 2;Im heading that way I can take you there
theon;Season 2;I bet you can
yara;Season 2;You been at sea long? Or were there just no women where you came from?
theon;Season 2;None like you
yara;Season 2;You dont know what Im like
theon;Season 2;You dont know what youre like You need someone to teach you Know who I am?
yara;Season 2;You think I offer free rides to every man in jewelry Lord Greyjoy
theon;Season 2;Have my things sent up to the castle
theon;Season 2;You should give me the reins, Im a better rider than you Ive been on horseback for the last nine years
yara;Season 2;Nine years Do you still know your way around a ship? Have these hands ever touched a rope?
theon;Season 2;Dont you worry about my hands The seas in my blood
yara;Season 2;Your blood will be in the sea if I dont watch where Im going
theon;Season 2;I have a proposal for my father One that will make him king again And me after him You may stay at the castle tonight, if youre lucky
yara;Season 2;Is that an offer from my future king?
theon;Season 2;An order, from your future king You can tell your grandchildren about this night
yara;Season 2;I dont imagine it will be a story fit for children
theon;Season 2;Father
balon;Season 2;Nine years, is it? They took a frightened boy What have they given back?
theon;Season 2;A man Your blood and your heir
balon;Season 2;We shall see Stark had you longer than I did
theon;Season 2;Lord Stark is gone
balon;Season 2;And how do you feel about that?
theon;Season 2;Whats done is done Ive brought you a proposal from Robb Stark
balon;Season 2;Who gave you those clothes? Was it Ned Starks pleasure to make you his daughter?
theon;Season 2;If my clothes offend you, I will change them
balon;Season 2;It will That bauble around your neck Did you pay the iron price for it or the gold? I asked a question Did you pull it from the neck of a corpse you made or did you buy it to match your fine clothes? Iron or gold?
theon;Season 2;Gold
balon;Season 2;Ill not have my son dressed as a whore My fears have come true The Starks have made you theirs
theon;Season 2;My blood is salt and iron
balon;Season 2;Yet, , the Stark boy sends you to me like a trained raven, clutching his message
theon;Season 2;The offer he makes, is one I proposed
balon;Season 2;He heeds your counsel?
theon;Season 2;Ive lived with him, hunted with him, fought at his side, he thinks of me as a brother
balon;Season 2;No, not here, , not in my hearing, you will not name him brother This son of the man who put your true brothers to the sword Or have you forgotten your own blood?
theon;Season 2;I forget nothing I remember my brothers And I remember when my father was a king
balon;Season 2;I see I destroy Robb Starks enemies for him and he will make me King of the Iron Islands once again
theon;Season 2;I will lead the attack myself
balon;Season 2;Oh, you will?
theon;Season 2;Im your son Your only living heir Who else?
theon;Season 2;I told you to wait outside How did you get past the guards?
yara;Season 2;Anything with a cock is easy to fool
balon;Season 2;My dear
theon;Season 2;Yara?
yara;Season 2;So good to see you, brother This is a homecoming Ill tell my grandchildren about
theon;Season 2;She cant lead an attack
balon;Season 2;And why not?
theon;Season 2;Youre a woman
yara;Season 2;Youre the one in skirts
balon;Season 2;This isnt Winterfell, boy Your sister took over command of your eldest brothers ship after your new father killed him
all three;Season 2;Whats dead may never die The only night shes spent off these islands has been spent on the sea Shes commanded men Shes killed men She knows who she is
balon;Season 2;No man gives me a crown I pay the iron price I will take my crown That is who I am That is who we have always been
theon;Season 2;You wont stand a chance against the Lannisters on your own
balon;Season 2;Who said anything about the Lannisters?
davos;Season 2;Youll have your gold when we take the treasury at Kings Landing
saan;Season 2;All these kings fighting for the throne, and this Stannis has the smallest army Why would I bet on the man with the worst chance?
davos;Season 2;Because youre a smart gambler Stannis has proved himself in war Twice His baby brother has never set foot on a battlefield Neither has the false king, Joffrey
saan;Season 2;And yet, they both have larger armies
davos;Season 2;Stannis has just begun the fight His bannermen will rally to his cause Theres no man in the Seven Kingdoms more honorable than Stannis Baratheon Or more worthy of loyalty
saan;Season 2;What is the world coming to when smugglers must vouch for the honor of kings
matthos;Season 2;Mind your words, pirate
davos;Season 2;Matthos
saan;Season 2;You think Im insulted? I am a pirate Im an excellent pirate I dont sail for promises
davos;Season 2;Of course you do Every time you leave harbor, youre leaving on a promise A promise that somewhere on the seas, somebodys got some gold and you can take it from them
saan;Season 2;Thats a promise that always comes true
davos;Season 2;As is mine Youre not the young man, Salladhor And correct me if Im wrong Most pirates dont grow old
saan;Season 2;Only the clever ones
davos;Season 2;You want to spend your last few years on the sea, stealing from Pentoshi cheesemongers and Midanese silk merchants, then go Theyre out there waiting for you Thats easy What Im offering you is hard Come with me and plunder the greatest city in Westeros Youll be the richest man in Lysene And the most famous Theyll be singing songs about you as long as men have voices to sing
saan;Season 2;Salladhor Saan is a good name for songs
davos;Season 2;It is
saan;Season 2;One thing, I want the queen
davos;Season 2;The queen?
saan;Season 2;Cersei, I want her Ill sail with your fleet, all 30 of my ships, and if we dont drown at the bottom of Blackwater Bay, I will fuck this blonde queen and I will fuck her well
matthos;Season 2;This war isnt about you Were not attacking Kings Landing so that you can rape the queen
saan;Season 2;Im not going to rape her, Im going to fuck her
matthos;Season 2;As if she would just let you
saan;Season 2;You dont know how persuasive I am I never tried to fuck you
matthos;Season 2;Stannis is the rightful king, and the Lord of Light The one true god
saan;Season 2;Ive been all over the world, my boy, and everywhere I go, people tell me about the true god They all think they found the right one The one true god is whats between a womans legs, and better yet a queens legs
saan;Season 2;I never thought youd have a true believer for a son
davos;Season 2;Hes young yet I promise you the gold I promise you the glory I cannot promise you the queen
matthos;Season 2;You believe your king can win?
davos;Season 2;He is the one true king
saan;Season 2;You Westerosee are funny people A man chops off your fingers and you fall in love with him Ill sail with you, Davos Seaworth You are the most honest smuggler I ever met Make me rich
davos;Season 2;Get me to the gates of Kings Landing and I will
matthos;Season 2;When will the King have a sail?
davos;Season 2;As soon as his God wills it
matthos;Season 2;Hes my God too, and yours But you were too blind to see Let me teach you how to read
davos;Season 2;Oh you and your mother
matthos;Season 2;It wont take long You already know the letters The holy books are much more persuasive than I can be
davos;Season 2;I wish I had a God, truly! Im not mocking you, but Ive seen men pray to every God there is Pray for wind, pray for rain, pray for home None of it works
matthos;Season 2;But you always came home
davos;Season 2;I wasnt praying
matthos;Season 2;But I was Every night that you were at sea, I lit a candle and I prayed, for you
davos;Season 2;You want me to have a god, fine King Stannis is my god He raised me up and blessed me with his trust He gave you a future I could never have imagined You know how to read, youll be a knight someday You think your fire god commanded all that? It was Stannis Only Stannis
matthos;Season 2;Stannis is my king, but hes only a man
davos;Season 2;Dont tell him that
cersei;Season 2;Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch You had no right to exile him
tyrion;Season 2;I have every right I am the Kings Hand
cersei;Season 2;Youre serving as the Kings Hand until father gets here I am Queen Regent
tyrion;Season 2;Listen to me, Queen Regent, youre losing the people Do you hear me?
cersei;Season 2;Ha, the people You think I care?
tyrion;Season 2;You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead Half the city will starve when winter comes The other half will plot to overthrow you And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, The Queen slaughters babies.” You dont even have the decency to deny it
tyrion;Season 2;It wasnt you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didnt even tell you Or did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse
cersei;Season 2;He did what needed to be done You want to be the Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is! Lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root one by one before they strangle you in your sleep
tyrion;Season 2;Im no king, but I think theres more to ruling that that
cersei;Season 2;I dont care what you think! Youve never taken it seriously You havent, Jaime hasnt Its all fallen on me
tyrion;Season 2;As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon
cersei;Season 2;Youre funny Youve always been funny But none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? You remember back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death
tyrion;Season 2;She was my mother too
cersei;Season 2;Now theyre gone, for the sake of you Theres no bigger joke in the world than that
davos;Season 2;Your Grace
matthos;Season 2;Your Grace
stannis;Season 2;How did it fare with your pirate?
davos;Season 2;Salladhor Saan will join our fleet 30 ships His men know how to fight
stannis;Season 2;In my experience, pirates prefer fighting unarmed men
davos;Season 2;Does seem the wiser choice
stannis;Season 2;It wont be a choice this time Do you trust him?
davos;Season 2;Salladhor Saan is an old friend, Ive known him 30 years Ive never trusted him But once he gets the smell of gold, he never stops
stannis;Season 2;Well if he does his job, hell have his share Leave us
davos;Season 2;At once, Your Grace
melisandre;Season 2;The Lord of Light shines through you, young warrior
davos;Season 2;Come
stannis;Season 2;What did you say to him?
melisandre;Season 2;I told him death by fire is the purest death
stannis;Season 2;Why?
melisandre;Season 2;Because it is true Youre troubled my king
stannis;Season 2;Yeah
melisandre;Season 2;These armies are but toys for the Lord of Light
stannis;Season 2;Tell your lord to burn them then
melisandre;Season 2;I tell him nothing! I pray for his commands and I obey
stannis;Season 2;My little brother has a hundred thousand men according to the scouts Men whose allegiance rightly belongs to me
melisandre;Season 2;You must have faith
stannis;Season 2;Faith? In a real war, the side with the greater number wins nine times out of ten
melisandre;Season 2;Then we must be the ten
stannis;Season 2;I cannot defeat my brother in the field, and I cant take Kings Landing without the men he stole
melisandre;Season 2;I have seen the path to victory in the flames At first, you must give yourself to the Lord of Light
stannis;Season 2;Ive said the words, damn you! I burnt the idols
melisandre;Season 2;You must give all of yourself
stannis;Season 2;I have a wife I took a vow
melisandre;Season 2;Shes sick Weak Shut away in the tower And she disgusts you And shes given you nothing No sons Only stillborns Only death I will give you a son, my King
stannis;Season 2;A son?
craster;Season 2;Out, all of you This bastards been meddling where he shouldnt! I want you and your men gone And you will make this right
jeor;Season 2;Wait outside
jon;Season 2;Lord Commander
jeor;Season 2;Now
sam;Season 2;Lord Commander
jeor;Season 2;Leave us
jeor;Season 2;What did you do?
jon;Season 2;I followed him He took the baby into the woods, the newborn
jeor;Season 2;What business is that of yours?
jon;Season 2;No, you dont understand Hes killing them, all the boys
jon;Season 2;You know
jeor;Season 2;Wildlings serve crueler gods than you or I Those boys are Crasters offerings
jon;Season 2;Offerings? Hes murdering his own children Hes a monster
jeor;Season 2;Aye, many a time that monster has been the difference between life and death for our rangers, your uncle among them We have other wars to fight out there Like it or not, we need men like Craster
jon;Season 2;I saw it I saw something take that child
jeor;Season 2;Yeah Whatever it was, I daresay youll see it again Now, ready my horse We leave at dawn
jeor;Season 2;Dont lose it again
sam;Season 2;Gilly
gilly;Season 2;Youre leaving
sam;Season 2;I I wanted to give you something It belonged to my mother
gilly;Season 2;I cant take it
sam;Season 2;Please I want you to My mother used it for sewing Shed let me sit with her in her chamber while she sewed and Id read to her My father put a stop to it when he found out Its the only thing I have of hers She gave it to me before I left for the Wall
gilly;Season 2;You You shouldnt give it away
sam;Season 2;Im not giving it away Im giving it to you Keep it safe for me Till I come back
hodor luwin;Season 2;Hodor Rouse Bran, will you? Its time for his lessons
bran;Season 2;Every night its the same Im walking and running, but Im not Im not me Im running through the godswood, sniffing the dirt, tasting blood in my mouth when Ive made a fresh kill, howling Old Nan used to tell me stories about magical people who could live inside stags, birds, wolves
luwin;Season 2;Thats exactly what they are, Bran, stories
bran;Season 2;So she was lying? They dont exist?
luwin;Season 2;Well, they may have done But theyre gone from the world, along with much else These are dreams, Bran, nothing more
bran;Season 2;No, my dreams are different Mine are true I dreamt of my father dying And Rickon had the same dream
luwin;Season 2;What about all the dreams you had that didnt come true? Hmm? Right
luwin;Season 2;This link is made of Valyrian steel Only one maester in 100 wears it on his chain It signifies that I have studied the higher mysteries And all who study these mysteries try their hand at spells I was no different I was young And what boy doesnt secretly wish for hidden powers to lift him out of his dull life into a special one? But in the end, for all my efforts, I got no more out of it than a thousand boys before me Come on
luwin;Season 2;All right Maybe magic once was a mighty force in the world But not anymore The dragons are gone The giants are dead And the Children of the Forest forgotten An exhibition fight between two armored knights ensues, with RENLY an watching on CATELYN and COLEN OF GREENPOOLS enter and watch from among the crowd LORAS lands a solid blow
margaery;Season 2;Loras! Highgarden
man;Season 2;Get him
crowd;Season 2;Oh
loras;Season 2;Yield! I yield
renly;Season 2;Well fought Approach
renly;Season 2;Rise Remove your helm
renly;Season 2;You are all your father promised and more, my lady Ive seen Ser Loras bested once or twice, but never quite in that fashion
margaery;Season 2;Now, now, my love My brother fought valiantly for you
renly;Season 2;That he did, my queen But there can only be one champion Brienne of Tarth, you may ask anything of me you desire If it is within my power, it is yours
brienne;Season 2;Your Grace, I ask the honor of a place in your Kingsguard
renly;Season 2;What?
brienne;Season 2;I will be one of your seven, pledge my life to yours, and keep you safe from all harm
renly;Season 2;Done Rise, Brienne of the Kingsguard
colen;Season 2;Your Grace, I have the honor to bring you Lady Catelyn Stark, sent as an envoy by her son Robb, Lord of Winterfell
catelyn;Season 2;Lord of Winterfell and King in the North
renly;Season 2;Lady Catelyn Im pleased to see you May I present my wife, Margaery of House Tyrell?
margaery;Season 2;You are very welcome here, Lady Stark Im so sorry for your loss
catelyn;Season 2;You are most kind
renly;Season 2;My lady, I swear to you I will see the Lannisters answer for your husbands murder When I take Kings Landing, Ill bring you Joffreys head
catelyn;Season 2;It will be enough to know that justice was done, my lord Your Grace
brienne;Season 2;And you should kneel when you approach the King
renly;Season 2;Theres no need for that Lady Stark is an honored guest
loras;Season 2;Has your son marched against Tywin Lannister yet?
catelyn;Season 2;I do not sit on my sons war councils And if I did, I would not share his strategies with you
loras;Season 2;If Robb Stark wants a pact with us, he should come himself, not hide behind his mothers skirts
catelyn;Season 2;My son is fighting a war, not playing at one
renly;Season 2;Dont worry, my lady Our war is just beginning
gerard;Season 2;Your Grace
renly;Season 2;Gerard Hows your foot?
gerard;Season 2;Better, Your Grace They dont know their own size is all
renly;Season 2;Good man
renly;Season 2;I have 100,000 men at my command All the might of the Stormlands and the Reach
catelyn;Season 2;And all of them young and bold like your Knight of Flowers? Its a game to you, isnt it? I pity them
renly;Season 2;Why?
catelyn;Season 2;Because it wont last Because they are the knights of summer and winter is coming
renly;Season 2;Brienne, escort Lady Catelyn to her tent Shes tired from her journey
brienne;Season 2;At once, Your Grace Shall I return after?
renly;Season 2;That wont be necessary I would pray awhile Alone
brienne;Season 2;If youll follow me, my lady
catelyn;Season 2;You fought bravely today, Lady Brienne
brienne;Season 2;I fought for my king Soon Ill fight for him on the battlefield Die for him if I must And, if it please you, Briennes enough Im no lady
theon;Season 2;What are you doing here?
yara;Season 2;I live here Are you angry with me, brother?
theon;Season 2;You lying bitch
yara;Season 2;Its not my fault you didnt recognize me
theon;Season 2;Recognize you? How could I? The last time I saw you you looked like a fat little boy
yara;Season 2;You were a fat little boy, too, but I recognized you
theon;Season 2;Why didnt you tell me?
yara;Season 2;I wanted to see who you were first And I did
balon;Season 2;The plans are made Its time you heard them
yara;Season 2;Father
theon;Season 2;Father
balon;Season 2;The wolf pup has gone south with the entirety of the Northern army at his back While hes tangling with the lion in the Westerlands, the North is ripe for the taking The ironborn will reave and pillage, as it was in the old days, all along the northern coast Well spread our dominion across the green lands, securing the Neck and everything above Every stronghold will yield to us, one by one Winterfell may defy us for a year, but what of it? The rest shall be ours, forest, field, and hall Yara, my daughter, youll take 30 longships to attack Deepwood Motte
yara;Season 2;Ive always wanted a castle
theon;Season 2;And whats my role in all this?
balon;Season 2;Youll take a ship to raid the fishing villages on the Stoney Shore
theon;Season 2;A ship? You give her 30 and I get one?
yara;Season 2;The Sea Bitch We thought shed be perfect for you
theon;Season 2;Im to fight fishermen?
yara;Season 2;Be careful of their nets
theon;Season 2;Father, I fought with Robb Stark I know his men He wont give up the North so easily
yara;Season 2;They wont even know were there until its too late
theon;Season 2;What do you know of it, woman? Im a proven warrior
balon;Season 2;Your brothers were warriors, both of them dead at the hands of those you seem so eager to protect
theon;Season 2;Im not protecting anyone I just wonder if its not wiser to wait Why risk going against the North if they would be our allies? Rise up against them and they could destroy us But if we pledge fealty to them, theyll give us Casterly Rock
balon;Season 2;What are our words? Our words?
theon;Season 2;We do not sow
balon;Season 2;We do not sow We are ironborn Were not subjects Were not slaves We do not plow the fields or toil in the mine We take what is ours Your time with the wolves has made you weak
theon;Season 2;You act as if I volunteered to go You gave me away, if you remember The day you bent the knee to Robert Baratheon After he crushed you Did you take what was yours then?
theon;Season 2;You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didnt want anymore And now you curse me because Ive come home
yara;Season 2;Youd have our father bow down to your other family?
theon;Season 2;I have no other family
yara;Season 2;Dont you? Make your choice, Theon, and do it quickly Our ships sail with or without you
shae;Season 2;You wont let me leave this room You wont let me
tyrion;Season 2;Keep your voice down
shae;Season 2;Why? You think your father can hear me? Hes 300 miles away
tyrion;Season 2;I dont intend for you to stay here I might be able to bring you into the castle kitchens Again, only temporary
shae;Season 2;Every man who has tasted my cooking has told me what a good whore I am
tyrion;Season 2;But you wouldnt be a cook Youd pose as a scullion
shae;Season 2;Scullion? What is a scullion?
tyrion;Season 2;Kitchen wench
shae;Season 2;A kitchen wench?
tyrion;Season 2;Yes
but shae;Season 2;Cleaning pots? Is that how my lion wants to see me?
tyrion;Season 2;Your lion wants to see you alive Weve come to a dangerous place My sister wants to hurt me Shell look for any weakness she can find She cant know about you
shae;Season 2;Im the weakness?
tyrion;Season 2;Its a compliment, my lady
shae;Season 2;How is being a weakness a compliment?
tyrion;Season 2;Language can be a bit tricky here
shae;Season 2;Oh Im too stupid to understand The stupid foreign girl I am not a kitchen wench
myrcella;Season 2;When will Joffrey and Sansa be married?
cersei;Season 2;Soon, darling, when the war is over
myrcella;Season 2;Mother says Ill have a new gown for the ceremony and another for the feast But yours will be ivory, since youre the bride
cersei;Season 2;The princess just spoke to you
sansa;Season 2;Pardon, Your Grace Im sure your dress will be beautiful, Myrcella Im counting the days until the fighting is done and I can pledge my love to the King in sight of the gods
tommen;Season 2;Is Joffrey going to kill Sansas brother?
cersei;Season 2;He might Would you like that?
tommen;Season 2;No I dont think so
cersei;Season 2;Even if he does, Sansa will do her duty Wont you, little dove?
sansa;Season 2;Come in
sansa;Season 2;Who are you?
shae;Season 2;Im Shae, My Lady Your new handmaiden
sansa;Season 2;I didnt know I needed a new handmaiden Youre not from here
shae;Season 2;No
sansa;Season 2;What are you doing?
shae;Season 2;Waiting for you to tell me what to do
sansa;Season 2;I shouldnt have to tell you to do things You should just do them
shae;Season 2;What things?
sansa;Season 2;Change my linens, wash my clothing, scrub the floor, empty my chamber pot, brush my hair
sansa;Season 2;No
shae;Season 2;You said to brush
sansa;Season 2;Not now
shae;Season 2;Your chamber pot is empty
sansa;Season 2;Clean the table Have you ever been a handmaiden before?
shae;Season 2;Yes
sansa;Season 2;For whom?
shae;Season 2;Lady Zuriff
sansa;Season 2;Lady Zuriff
shae;Season 2;Lady Zuriff
sansa;Season 2;There is no Lady Zuriff in this city
shae;Season 2;She wasnt in this city
sansa;Season 2;I dont know how they did things in that city, but in this city, handmaidens wait on ladies, not the other way around And I dont have time to answer a thousand questions and teach you how to do your job
shae;Season 2;Do you want me to leave?
sansa;Season 2;Just brush my hair
tyrion;Season 2;Oh! Thank the gods I havent had a proper shit in six days
pycelle;Season 2;Ive encountered this problem before, my lord The stresses of power often have this insalubrious effect Two drops with water, daily
tyrion;Season 2;Right Im so grateful to have a man of your vast knowledge and wisdom on my side
pycelle;Season 2;Please Thank you, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;I can trust you, Pycelle, can I not?
pycelle;Season 2;Why, yes, of course, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;These are perilous times And the crown must forge new alliances And these alliances must often be sealed in matrimony
pycelle;Season 2;Matrimony, huh? Yes
tyrion;Season 2;Im trusting the council with these plans, but the Queen mustnt know We cant have her meddling in affairs that could determine the future of the realm Theres too much at stake
pycelle;Season 2;Oh, yes, yes Indeed, yes I shall be silent as the grave
tyrion;Season 2;Im brokering an alliance with House Martell of Dorne Princess Myrcella will wed their youngest son when she comes of age, ensuring their loyalty and their army, should we need it
pycelle;Season 2;Myrcella sent away to Dorne?
tyrion;Season 2;But remember, the Queen mustnt know
varys;Season 2;Ooh The Queen mustnt know I love conversations that begin this way
tyrion;Season 2;I plan to marry Princess Myrcella off to Theon Greyjoy
varys;Season 2;Theon Greyjoy? Forgive me, my lord, but how? He grew up a ward of Winterfell He fights for Robb Stark
tyrion;Season 2;Precisely Theons father loathes the Starks and will convince the boy to come to our side Greyjoy can destroy the Northern army from within and we can have his fathers ships
tyrion;Season 2;But remember, you must tell no one
littlefinger;Season 2;Tell no one what?
tyrion;Season 2;I plan to wed Princess Myrcella to Robin Arryn of the Vale Lysa is not fond of me But perhaps the promise of a royal match will convince her to let bygones be bygones
littlefinger;Season 2;She imprisoned you She tried to execute you And you offer her son a princess?
tyrion;Season 2;For men in our position, holding grudges can be an encumbrance, dont you think?
littlefinger;Season 2;And I suppose you want me to broker this agreement?
tyrion;Season 2;Who better?
littlefinger;Season 2;Yes, I could sing this song to Lysa, if I cared to Whats in it for me?
tyrion;Season 2;The gratitude of the people of Westeros for helping to end this war, the adoration of the King for bringing the Vale back into the fold and Harrenhal
littlefinger;Season 2;Harrenhal is cursed
tyrion;Season 2;Never took you for a superstitious man By all means, tear it down and rebuild Youll be able to afford it I plan to make you Lord of the Riverlands
littlefinger;Season 2;With a single stroke, youd make me one of the greatest lords in the realm
tyrion;Season 2;You served my family well in the matter of the succession
littlefinger;Season 2;So did Janos Slynt, and he was given Harrenhal, too Until you snatched it away
tyrion;Season 2;I need you to deliver Lysa Arryn I didnt need Janos Slynt Its settled, then?
tyrion;Season 2;Good Oh
and remember littlefinger;Season 2;The Queen mustnt know
renly;Season 2;That must hurt
renly;Season 2;What? What is it?
loras;Season 2;A member of the Kingsguard? As if I wasnt humiliated enough already
renly;Season 2;Brienne is a very capable warrior And shes devoted to me Youre jealous
loras;Season 2;Jealous? Of Brienne the Beauty? Dont make me laugh
renly;Season 2;Ill make it up to you
loras;Season 2;No, Your Grace Not tonight Theres another Tyrell who requires your attention You didnt win my fathers support or his army on charm alone
loras;Season 2;Your vassals are starting to snigger behind your back Brides arent usually virgins two weeks after their wedding night
renly;Season 2;And Margaerys a virgin?
loras;Season 2;Officially Shall I bring her to you?
renly;Season 2;I should warn you, Ive had quite a bit of wine
margaery;Season 2;As is your right You are a king
renly;Season 2;You look very beautiful
margaery;Season 2;Thank you, Your Grace
renly;Season 2;Its a lovely gown
margaery;Season 2;You think so? I cant decide how I like it better This way, or this way
renly;Season 2;You certainly dont need it
renly;Season 2;Although, some say the beauty most desired is the beauty concealed
renly;Season 2;Must be the wine
margaery;Season 2;Here, let me
renly;Season 2;Im sorry
margaery;Season 2;Do you want my brother to come in and help?
renly;Season 2;What?
margaery;Season 2;He could get you started I know he wouldnt mind Or I can turn over and you can pretend Im him
renly;Season 2;I dont know what youre talking about
margaery;Season 2;Theres no need for us to play games Save your lies for court Youre going to need a lot of them
margaery;Season 2;Your enemies arent happy about us They want to tear us apart And the best way to stop them is to put your baby in my belly We can try again later You decide how you want to do it, with me, with me and Loras, however else you like Whatever you need to do You are a king
cersel;Season 2;You monster Myrcella is my only daughter Do you really think Ill let you sell her like a common whore?
tyrion;Season 2;Myrcellas a princess Some would say she was born for this
cersei;Season 2;I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon
tyrion;Season 2;Dorne is the safest place for her
cersei;Season 2;Are you mad? The Martells loathe us
tyrion;Season 2;Thats why we need to seduce them Were going to need their support in the war your son started
cersei;Season 2;Shell be a hostage
tyrion;Season 2;A guest
cersei;Season 2;You wont get away with this You think the piece of paper Father gave you keeps you safe Ned Stark had a piece of paper, too
tyrion;Season 2;Its done, Cersei
cersei;Season 2;No
tyrion;Season 2;You cannot stop it
cersei;Season 2;No
tyrion;Season 2;Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if this city falls? Do you want to see her raped, butchered like the Targaryen children? Make no mistake Theyll mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours
cersei;Season 2;Get out! Get out
priest;Season 2;Theon of the House Greyjoy, you would this day consecrate your faith to the Drowned God?
theon;Season 2;I would
drowned priest;Season 2;Kneel
drowned priest;Season 2;Let Theon, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were Bless him with salt Bless him with stone Bless him with steel
theon;Season 2;What is dead may never die
drowned priest;Season 2;What is dead may never die But rises again harder and stronger Stand
littlefinger;Season 2;I dont appreciate being made a fool of, dwarf If Myrcella marries the Martell boy, she cant very well marry Robin Arryn, can she?
tyrion;Season 2;No, afraid not Sorry about that
littlefinger;Season 2;And Harrenhal, I suppose thats off the table as well
tyrion;Season 2;Yes, I fear so Sorry about that, too
littlefinger;Season 2;Leave me out of your next deception
tyrion;Season 2;Thats a shame You were to be the centerpiece of my next deception My brother Jaime rots in a northern stockade I would see him released Thats where you come in
littlefinger;Season 2;Robb Stark will never release the Kingslayer
tyrion;Season 2;No, he wont But his mother might How would you like to see your beloved Cat again?
tyrion;Season 2;Find him?
bronn;Season 2;Oh, aye And he has company Filthy old stoat Almost hate to interrupt
tyrion;Season 2;No, you dont
bronn;Season 2;No, I dont
pycelle;Season 2;What is the meaning of this? No, please, please
tyrion;Season 2;You disappoint me, Grand Maester
pycelle;Season 2;I am your loyal servant
tyrion;Season 2;So loyal that you told the Queen about my plans to send Myrcella to Dorne
pycelle;Season 2;No! Never! Its a falsehood I swear it It wasnt me Ah, Varys It was Varys the Spider
tyrion;Season 2;See, I told Varys that I was giving the Princess to the Greyjoys I told Littlefinger that I planned to wed her to Robin Arryn I told no one that I was offering her to the Dornish No one but you
pycelle;Season 2;The eunuch has spies everywhere
tyrion;Season 2;Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats
pycelle;Season 2;No, no, no
timett;Season 2;There are no goats, halfman
tyrion;Season 2;Well, make do
tyrion;Season 2;How long have you been spying for my sister?
pycelle;Season 2;All I did, I did for House Lannister Always Your lord father, ask him Ive always been his servant since the days of the Mad King
tyrion;Season 2;I dont like his beard
pycelle;Season 2;What? What?
pycelle;Season 2;No No
tyrion;Season 2;How many Hands have you betrayed, Pycelle? Eddard Stark? Jon Arryn?
pycelle;Season 2;Lord Arryn, he knew He knew the truth about the Queen And he planned to act, to tell King Robert
tyrion;Season 2;So you poisoned him?
pycelle;Season 2;No Never
tyrion;Season 2;But you let him die, made sure he succumbed
pycelle;Season 2;Lannister I always served Lannister
tyrion;Season 2;Get him out of my sight Throw him in one of the black cells
pycelle;Season 2;No No, no, no No, please Dont! You cant do this to me
tyrion;Season 2;For your trouble
varys;Season 2;Youll be pleased to know our mutual friend is doing quite well in Lady Sansas service
tyrion;Season 2;Good One of my better ideas
varys;Season 2;And it seems the Grand Maester has found his way into a black cell? Well played, My Lord Hand But should I be worried? Janos Slynt, Pycelle The Small Council grows smaller every day
tyrion;Season 2;The Council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly I dont mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave
varys;Season 2;Power is a curious thing, my lord Are you fond of riddles?
tyrion;Season 2;Why, am I about to hear one?
varys;Season 2;Three great men sit in a room A king, a priest and a rich man Between them stands a common sellsword Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two Who lives, who dies?
tyrion;Season 2;Depends on the sellsword
varys;Season 2;Does it? He has neither crown nor gold nor favor with the gods
tyrion;Season 2;He has a sword, the power of life and death
varys;Season 2;But if its swordsmen who rule, why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?
tyrion;Season 2;Ive decided I dont like riddles
varys;Season 2;Power resides where men believe it resides Its a trick, a shadow on the wall And a very small man can cast a very large shadow
yoren;Season 2;You should be sleeping Tomorrows a long march Thirty miles, if it dont piss on us
arya;Season 2;I cant sleep
arya;Season 2;I dont like the taste
yoren;Season 2;You dont drink it for the flavor, to be honest What?
arya;Season 2;How do you sleep?
yoren;Season 2;Same as most men, I think
arya;Season 2;But youve seen things, horrible things
yoren;Season 2;Aye Ive seen some pretty things, too, but not nearly so many
arya;Season 2;How do you sleep when you When you have those things in your head?
yoren;Season 2;You didnt see that I made damn sure
arya;Season 2;I close my eyes and I see them up there All of them standing there Joffrey, the Queen and and my sister
yoren;Season 2;You know, weve got something in common, me and you You know that? I must have been a couple of years older than you I saw my brother stabbed through the heart right on our doorstep He werent much of a villain what skewered him Willem, the lads name was He ran off before anyone could spit And I just stood there, watching my brother die Heres the funny part I cant picture my brothers face anymore But Willem, oh, he was a nice-looking boy He had good white teeth, blue eyes, one of those dimpled chins all the girls like I would think about him when I was working, when I was drinking, when I was having a shit It got to the point where I would say his name every night before I went to bed Willem Willem Willem A prayer almost Well, one day, Willem came riding back into town I buried an ax so deep into Willems skull they had to bury him with it Willems horse got me to the Wall and Ive been wearing black ever since Well Thatll help you sleep, eh?
yoren;Season 2;Ho! Get up, you lazy sons of whores! Arm yourselves
gendry;Season 2;Get up
arya;Season 2;Get up
yoren;Season 2;Keep out of sight, both of you
arya;Season 2;No, Im not afraid
gendry;Season 2;I can fight
yoren;Season 2;Keep out of sight If things go wrong, you run Do you hear me? You run along north and dont look back Hey, theres men out there who want to fuck your corpses Outside, now
man;Season 2;Come on, move, move
man;Season 2;Gold cloaks
man;Season 2;Everyone out
man;Season 2;Hey, you
man;Season 2;Open the damn cage
amory;Season 2;Wheres the bastard, crow?
yoren;Season 2;Got more than a few bastards here Whos asking?
amory;Season 2;Ser Amory Lorch, sworn bannerman to Lord Tywin Lannister These men from the capital requested our assistance Drop your weapons in the name of the King
yoren;Season 2;Now, which king would that be?
amory;Season 2;This is your last chance In the name of King Joffrey, drop your weapons
yoren;Season 2;I dont think I will
amory;Season 2;So be it
yoren;Season 2;I always hated crossbows Take too long to load
jaqen;Season 2;Boy, come here Boy! Sweet boy, help us
jaqen;Season 2;Come back here! Help us, boy! A man can fight! Free us
jaqen;Season 2;Quick, give it to me Give me the ax Give me that
gold cloak;Season 2;Put them on the wagon
gold cloak;Season 2;Theres more here
gold cloak;Season 2;Come on
polliver;Season 2;What do we have here?
arya;Season 2;No
polliver;Season 2;Thats a fine little blade Maybe Ill pick my teeth with it
hot pie;Season 2;I yield! I yield
armory;Season 2;Round up any survivors Well take them back to Harrenhal
polliver;Season 2;You heard him Youre coming with us
hot pie;Season 2;I yield
lommy;Season 2;Help! Help me
polliver;Season 2;Something wrong with your leg, boy?
lommy;Season 2;Look at it
polliver;Season 2;Can you walk?
lommy;Season 2;No You got to carry me
polliver;Season 2;All right
polliver;Season 2;Carry him, he says
armory;Season 2;Were looking for a bastard named Gendry Give him up or Ill start taking eyeballs
guard;Season 2;Its got to be the Mountain Hes the biggest Hes the strongest
rennick;Season 2;Bulls are bigger than lions Doesnt mean Id pick a bull in a fight
guard;Season 2;If the bull had fangs and claws, I would Right, the Mountain or our man Jaime
rennick;Season 2;If he ever gets out
guard;Season 2;Loras Tyrell?
rennick;Season 2;Loras Tyrell Hes prettier than the Queen
guard;Season 2;I dont care about pretty Hes better with a sword than any of them
rennick;Season 2;How good could he be? Hes been stabbing Renly Baratheon for years, and Renly aint dead
rennick;Season 2;The horses seem a little spooked to you? Theyre horses
guard;Season 2;They get spooked by their own shadows
rennick;Season 2;Shh Do you hear that?
guard;Season 2;No
rennick;Season 2;Theres something out there
guard;Season 2;Oh Oh, youre a right little prick You should see your face
rennick;Season 2;I swear you pissed yourself Oh, who goes there? Ahh!
guard;Season 2;There is something out there
rennick;Season 2;Yeah, dont even try me
guard;Season 2;Rennick
rennick;Season 2;Do you think Im an idiot?
guard;Season 2;Rennick
man;Season 2;King in the North
men;Season 2;ing in the North
roose;Season 2;Five Lannisters dead for every one of ours Theyre dead Take everything theyve got Weve nowhere to keep all these prisoners Barely enough food to feed our own
robb;Season 2;Were not executing prisoners, Lord Bolton
roose;Season 2;Of course, Your Grace The officers will be useful Some of them may be privy to Tywin Lannisters plans
robb;Season 2;I doubt it
roose;Season 2;Well, well learn soon enough In my family, we say, A naked man has few secrets A flayed man none
robb;Season 2;My father outlawed flaying in the North
roose;Season 2;Were not in the North
robb;Season 2;Were not torturing them
roose;Season 2;The high roads very pretty, but youll have a hard time marching your army down it
robb;Season 2;The Lannisters hold prisoners of their own I wont give them an excuse to abuse my sisters
wounded soldier;Season 2;No, dont! Dont! Please
shhh talisa;Season 2;The rots set in
wounded soldier;Season 2;No, dont! No, dont
talisa;Season 2;Shh
wounded soldier;Season 2;Please, dont! Itll get better It doesnt even hurt
talisa;Season 2;The rot will spread If we dont take the foot now WOUNDED
soldier;Season 2;No, you cant
wounded soldier;Season 2;Ser! Please, ser
i cant lose robb;Season 2;Youll die if she doesnt
wounded soldier;Season 2;I dont want to be a cripple, please
roose;Season 2;Surely one of our men needs your attention more than this cub
talisa;Season 2;Your men are not my men, my lord
robb;Season 2;Put this in your mouth and lie down You dont want to watch
wounded soldier;Season 2;No! You cant
robb;Season 2;Bite on it Its better than biting your own tongue, believe me
robb;Season 2;Whats your name?
talisa;Season 2;Talisa
robb;Season 2;Your last name?
talisa;Season 2;You want to know what side my family fights on?
robb;Season 2;You know my family name You have me at a disadvantage
talisa;Season 2;That boy lost his foot on your orders
robb;Season 2;They killed my father
talisa;Season 2;That boy did?
robb;Season 2;The family he fights for
talisa;Season 2;Do you think hes friends with King Joffrey? Hes a fishermans son that grew up near Lannisport He probably never held a spear before they shoved one in his hands a few months ago
robb;Season 2;I have no hatred for the lad
talisa;Season 2;That should help his foot grow back
robb;Season 2;Youd have us surrender, end all this bloodshed I understand The country would be at peace and life would be just under the righteous hand of good King Joffrey
talisa;Season 2;Youre going to kill Joffrey?
robb;Season 2;If the gods give me strength
talisa;Season 2;And then what?
robb;Season 2;I dont know Well go back to Winterfell I have no desire to sit on the Iron Throne
talisa;Season 2;So who will?
robb;Season 2;I dont know
talisa;Season 2;Youre fighting to overthrow a king, and yet you have no plan for what comes after?
robb;Season 2;First we have to win the war
robb;Season 2;You never told me where youre from
talisa;Season 2;Volantis
robb;Season 2;Volantis? Youre far from home The boy was lucky you were here
talisa;Season 2;He was unlucky that you were
joffrey;Season 2;Youre here to answer for your brothers latest treasons
sansa;Season 2;Your Grace, whatever my traitor brother has done, I had no part You know that I beg you
please joffrey;Season 2;Ser Lancel, tell her of this outrage
lancel;Season 2;Using some vile sorcery, your brother fell on Stafford Lannister with an army of wolves Thousands of good men were butchered After the slaughter, the Northmen feasted on the flesh of the slain
joffrey;Season 2;Killing you would send your brother a message
joffrey;Season 2;But my mother insists on keeping you alive Stand So well have to send your brother a message some other way Meryn
joffrey;Season 2;Leave her face I like her pretty
joffrey;Season 2;Meryn, my lady is overdressed Unburden her
joffrey;Season 2;If you want Robb Stark to hear us, were going to have to speak louder
tyrion;Season 2;What is the meaning of this?
tyrion;Season 2;What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?
meryn;Season 2;The kind who serves his king, Imp
bronn;Season 2;Careful, now We dont want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak
tyrion;Season 2;Someone get the girl something to cover herself with She is to be your queen Have you no regard for her honor?
joffrey;Season 2;Im punishing her
tyrion;Season 2;For what crimes? She did not fight her brothers battle, you half-wit
joffrey;Season 2;You cant talk to me like that The king can do as he likes
tyrion;Season 2;The Mad King did as he liked Has your Uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?
meryn;Season 2;No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard
tyrion;Season 2;Im not threatening the king, ser I am educating my nephew Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him That was a threat See the difference?
tyrion;Season 2;I apologize for my nephews behavior Tell me the truth Do you want an end to this engagement?
sansa;Season 2;I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love
tyrion;Season 2;Lady Stark, you may survive us yet
bronn;Season 2;The little kings backed up Clogged from balls to brains
tyrion;Season 2;You think dipping his wick will cure what ails him?
bronn;Season 2;Theres no cure for being a cunt But the boys at that age And hes got nothing to do all day but pick wings off flies Couldnt hurt to get some of the poison out
joffrey;Season 2;What are you doing here, dog?
sandor;Season 2;Your uncle left your nameday present and asked me to see that you got it
joffrey;Season 2;And? What is it?
sandor;Season 2;Look inside, Your Grace
daisy;Season 2;Your Grace
ros;Season 2;Happy nameday, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 2;My nameday has passed
ros;Season 2;We wont tell if you wont
joffrey;Season 2;No Her Touch her
joffrey;Season 2;Could you hit her?
joffrey;Season 2;My uncle sent you?
daisy;Season 2;Yes, Your Grace He chose us himself
ros;Season 2;Hmm
joffrey;Season 2;Use this
joffrey;Season 2;Harder
joffrey;Season 2;I said harder Hed want me to get his moneys worth
ros;Season 2;Your Grace, too much pain will spoil the pleasure
daisy;Season 2;Please, Your Grace
ros;Season 2;Your Grace, if your uncle finds out
joffrey;Season 2;Oh, I want him to find out You will bring her to his chambers when youre finished and show him what youve done, or the same thing will happen to you
joffrey;Season 2;Begin
joffrey;Season 2;Harder
renly;Season 2;Well, if it isnt my favorite whoremonger Pray I havent kept you waiting long
littlefinger;Season 2;Your Grace
renly;Season 2;Now you do the Lannisters bidding, is that it? Tell me, was my brothers body even cold before you secured your newest patron?
littlefinger;Season 2;Im a practical man
renly;Season 2;Just not a loyal one
littlefinger;Season 2;And who would you have me be loyal to? Your brothers corpse?
renly;Season 2;I dont like you, Lord Baelish I dont like your face I dont like the words that come oozing out of your mouth I dont want you in my tent one minute more than necessary So tell me, why are you here?
renly;Season 2;You can trust Brienne Her loyalty comes without charge
littlefinger;Season 2;You still have many friends at court, Your Grace, many who believe Ned Stark erred by not supporting your claim
renly;Season 2;Now I understand You know I have the numbers You know Im marching on Kings Landing When I take the throne, you hope to retain your position And your head
littlefinger;Season 2;I would give priority to my head
littlefinger;Season 2;I understand that you dont like me, and while that saddens me greatly, I did not come here today seeking your affection When you march on Kings Landing, you may find yourself facing a protracted siege or open gates
littlefinger;Season 2;Your Grace
margaery;Season 2;Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 2;All of these tents look the same to me -Would you be so kind
margaery;Season 2;It would be my pleasure It took me weeks to learn my way around the camp Twice I walked in on officers in stages of undress And the moment I learn which tent is mine, were on the move again
littlefinger;Season 2;Your tent ? Not Our tent ? The king snores, perhaps? Or simply prefers solitude? Pressures of command, no doubt Four kings vying for the throne
margaery;Season 2;I am not tutored in warfare, but basic arithmetic favors the side with the greater numbers
littlefinger;Season 2;If war were arithmetic, the mathematicians would rule the world I did notice your brother entering His Graces tent just now
margaery;Season 2;The place of a Kingsguard is by the kings side
littlefinger;Season 2;And on the night of your wedding, who was by the kings side then?
margaery;Season 2;You seem quite interested in our marriage
littlefinger;Season 2;Your marriage is quite interesting Not only to me, but to the realm The marriage of a wealthy girl always breeds interest, if nothing else
margaery;Season 2;Youve never married, have you?
littlefinger;Season 2;Ive been unlucky in my affections, sadly
margaery;Season 2;That is sad Though perhaps its for the best The whole notion of marriage seems to confuse you, so allow me to explain My husband is my king, and my king is my husband Here is your tent, Lord Baelish Good night
daenerys;Season 2;This isnt your horse
kovarro;Season 2;It was given to me by the Thirteen The Elders of Qarth
daenerys;Season 2;Qarth?
kovarro;Season 2;Three days to the east, on the sea
daenerys;Season 2;Will they let us in?
kovarro;Season 2;They said they would be honored to receive the Mother of Dragons
daenerys;Season 2;What do you know of this place?
jorah;Season 2;Only that the desert around their walls is called the Garden of Bones Every time the Qartheen shut their gates on a traveler, the garden grows
man;Season 2;Go on
man;Season 2;You, keep moving
man;Season 2;Bring her about
hot pie;Season 2;What kind of fire melts stone?
arya;Season 2;Dragon fire
hot pie;Season 2;Theres dragons here?
gendry;Season 2;No, all the dragons are dead
hot pie;Season 2;Whats that smell?
arya;Season 2;Dead people
soldier;Season 2;Move
man;Season 2;Please, please, no, no! No
woman;Season 2;Hes dead He was my son My sister was three days ago My husband, the day before that
gendry;Season 2;They take someone every day?
arya;Season 2;Does anyone live?
arya;Season 2;Joffrey Cersei llyn Payne The Hound Joffrey Cersei llyn Payne The Hound Joffrey Cersei llyn Payne The Hound
catelyn;Season 2;How dare you?
littlefinger;Season 2;You may have heard false reports
catelyn;Season 2;You betrayed Ned
littlefinger;Season 2;Betrayed? I wanted him to serve as Protector of the Realm I begged him to seize the moment
catelyn;Season 2;I trusted you My husband trusted you And you repaid our faith with treachery
littlefinger;Season 2;No, my lady
catelyn;Season 2;Get out
littlefinger;Season 2;Cat, Ive Ive loved you since I was a boy It seems to me that fate has given us this chance
catelyn;Season 2;Have you lost your mind? Get out
littlefinger;Season 2;Do you want to see your girls again? Sansa, more beautiful than ever? And Arya, just as wild as ever?
catelyn;Season 2;You have Arya, too?
littlefinger;Season 2;Both girls are healthy and safe For now But you know the Queen and you know Joffrey I fear for their longevity if they remain in the capital
catelyn;Season 2;What do you want?
littlefinger;Season 2;The Lannisters will trade your daughters for the Kingslayer
catelyn;Season 2;Of course they will Jaime Lannister for two girls? Robb will never agree to those terms
littlefinger;Season 2;Im not bringing these terms to him Im bringing them to you
catelyn;Season 2;You think I keep secrets from my son?
littlefinger;Season 2;Robb has surprised them all with his skills in battle, but hes not a mother Consider it, Cat You may not get another chance Ive brought you a gift
catelyn;Season 2;I dont want your gifts A token of Tyrion Lannisters goodwill He wants you to understand that this exchange of prisoners is offered in good faith
catelyn;Season 2;Good faith?
catelyn;Season 2;Whats this?
littlefinger;Season 2;Your husband was an honorable man He should rest beside his family in the crypts beneath Winterfell You may not believe
catelyn;Season 2;Get out
man;Season 2;Get up, you dogs
hot pie;Season 2;Thats him, the one who picks
arya;Season 2;The Mountain What are you doing?
hot pie;Season 2;He told me he stares at him every day Thats why he doesnt get picked
mountain;Season 2;You
soldier;Season 2;Move, boy! Move
tickler;Season 2;Is there gold and silver in the village?
prisoner;Season 2;I dont know
tickler;Season 2;Gems?
prisoner;Season 2;I didnt see any
tickler;Season 2;Where is the Brotherhood?
prisoner;Season 2;I dont know
tickler;Season 2;Where is the Brotherhood?
prisoner;Season 2;I dont know Please
tickler;Season 2;Where is the Brotherhood?
prisoner;Season 2;I dont know
tickler;Season 2;Which of the villagers aided them?
prisoner;Season 2;I dont know
tickler;Season 2;Who?
prisoner;Season 2;I
tickler;Season 2;Who?
prisoner;Season 2;I never saw Please Please, stop Please
its starting to tickler;Season 2;Who?
prisoner;Season 2;I didnt see anyone help him Take it off! Take it off
tickler;Season 2;Who helped him?
prisoner;Season 2;Ganes, the butcher, and his son
tickler;Season 2;Thats better Youve been very helpful
prisoner;Season 2;No, stop, please! What are you doing? Please, stop! Please, stop
prisoner;Season 2;No! No! I told you everything! No! No
arya;Season 2;Joffrey Cersei llyn Payne The Hound
woman;Season 2;Please, Polliver Some food Just a crust of bread
arya;Season 2;Polliver The Mountain
stannis;Season 2;Lady Stark, I had not thought to find you in the Stormlands
catelyn;Season 2;I had not thought to be here, Lord Stannis
renly;Season 2;Can that truly be you?
stannis;Season 2;Who else might it be?
renly;Season 2;When I saw your standard, I couldnt be sure Whose banner is that?
stannis;Season 2;My own
renly;Season 2;I suppose if we used the same one, the battle would be terribly confusing Why is your stag on fire?
melisandre;Season 2;The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light
renly;Season 2;Ah, you must be this fire priestess we hear so much about Mmm, brother, now I understand why you found religion in your old age
stannis;Season 2;Watch yourself, Renly
renly;Season 2;No, no, Im relieved I never really believed you were a fanatic Charmless, rigid, a bore, yes, but not a godly man
melisandre;Season 2;You should kneel before your brother Hes the Lords chosen, born amidst salt and smoke
renly;Season 2;Born amidst salt and smoke? Is he a ham?
stannis;Season 2;Thats twice Ive warned you
catelyn;Season 2;Listen to yourselves If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber until you remembered that you were brothers
stannis;Season 2;It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark Your husband was a supporter of my claim Lord Eddards integrity cost him his head And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me
catelyn;Season 2;We share a common enemy
stannis;Season 2;The Iron Throne is mine by right All those that deny that are my foes
renly;Season 2;The whole realm denies it, from Dorne to the Wall Old men deny it with their death rattle and unborn children deny it in their mothers wombs No one wants you for their king You never wanted any friends, brother But a man without friends is a man without power
stannis;Season 2;For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider Strike your banners, come to me before dawn, and I will grant you your old seat in the Council Ill even name you my heir until a son is born to me Otherwise I shall destroy you
renly;Season 2;Look across those fields, brother Can you see all those banners?
stannis;Season 2;You think a few bolts of cloth will make you king?
renly;Season 2;No The men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king
stannis;Season 2;We shall see, Renly Come the dawn, we shall see
melisandre;Season 2;Look to your sins, Lord Renly The night is dark and full of terrors
renly;Season 2;Would you believe I loved him once?
daenerys;Season 2;I thought we were welcome
jorah;Season 2;If you heard a Dothraki horde was approaching your city, you might do the same, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 2;Horde?
daenerys;Season 2;My name is Daenerys SPICE
king;Season 2;Daenerys Stormborn of the house Targaryen
daenerys;Season 2;You know me, my lord?
spice king;Season 2;Only by reputation, Khaleesi And Im no lord, merely a humble merchant They call you the Mother of Dragons
daenerys;Season 2;And what should I call you?
spice king;Season 2;Oh, my name is quite long and quite impossible for foreigners to pronounce I am simply a trader of spices But we are the Thirteen, charged with the governance and protection of Qarth, the greatest city that ever was or will be
daenerys;Season 2;The beauty of Quarth is legendary SPICE KING Qarth
daenerys;Season 2;Qarth
spice king;Season 2;Might we see the dragons?
daenerys;Season 2;My friend, we have traveled very far We have no food, no water Once I see my people fed, I would be honored SPICE
king;Season 2;Forgive me, Mother of Dragons, but no man alive has seen a living dragon Some of my more skeptical friends refuse to believe your children even exist All we ask is the chance to see for ourselves
daenerys;Season 2;I am not a liar
spice king;Season 2;Oh, I dont think you are But as Ive never met you before, my opinion on the matter is of limited value
daenerys;Season 2;Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates
spice king;Season 2;Then perhaps you should return to where you come from We wish you well
daenerys;Season 2;What are you doing? You promised to receive me
spice king;Season 2;We have received you Here we are, and here you are
daenerys;Season 2;If you do not let us in, all of us will die
spice king;Season 2;Which we shall deeply regret But Qarth did not become the greatest city that ever was or will be by letting Dothraki savages through its gates
jorah;Season 2;Khaleesi, please be careful
daenerys;Season 2;Thirteen! When my dragons are grown, we will take back what was stolen from me and destroy those who have wronged me We will lay waste to armies and burn cities to the ground Turn us away and we will burn you first
spice king;Season 2;Ah You are a true Targaryen Only, as you said a moment ago, if we dont let you into the city, you will all die
and so xaro;Season 2;Retreating in fear from a little girl is unbecoming of the greatest city that ever was or will be
spice king;Season 2;The discussion is over, Xaro Xhoan Daxos The Thirteen have spoken
xaro;Season 2;I am one of the Thirteen, and I am still speaking
spice king;Season 2;The girl threatens to burn our city to the ground and you would invite her in for a cup of wine? She is the Mother of Dragons
xaro;Season 2;Do you expect her to watch her people starve without breathing fire? I believe we can allow a few Dothraki through our gates without dooming our city After all, here I am, a savage from the Summer Isles, and Qarth still SPICE
king;Season 2;Our decision is final
xaro;Season 2;Very well I invoke soumai
xaro;Season 2;I will vouch for her, her people, and her dragons, in accordance with the law
spice king;Season 2;Be it on your head
xaro;Season 2;Welcome to Qarth, my lady
mountain;Season 2;You
tickler;Season 2;Is there gold or silver in the village?
gendry;Season 2;Im not from the village
tickler;Season 2;Where is the Brotherhood?
gendry;Season 2;I dont know what that is
man;Season 2;You two Take Lord Lannisters things to his quarters
tywin;Season 2;Whats this?
mountain;Season 2;We werent expecting you till tomorrow, Lord Tywin
tywin;Season 2;Evidently not Why are these prisoners not in their cells?
mountain;Season 2;Cells are overflowing, my lord
polliver;Season 2;This lot wont be here long Dont need no permanent place After we interrogate em
tywin;Season 2;Are we so well-manned that we can afford to discard able young bodies and skilled laborers?
tywin;Season 2;You, do you have a trade?
gendry;Season 2;Smith, my lord
polliver;Season 2;What are you looking at? Kneel! Kneel or Ill carve your lungs out, boy
tywin;Season 2;Hell do no such thing This ones a girl, you idiot, dressed as a boy Why?
arya;Season 2;Safer to travel, my lord
tywin;Season 2;Smart More than I can say for this lot Get these prisoners to work Bring the girl I need a new cupbearer
mountain;Season 2;My lord
tyrion;Season 2;Your visits are too few, cousin
lancel;Season 2;Her Grace, the Queen Regent, commands you to release Grand Maester Pycelle Heres your warrant
tyrion;Season 2;So it is Will you take a cup with me? I find that mulled wine helps me sleep
lancel;Season 2;I am here at Her Graces behest, not to drink with you, Imp
tyrion;Season 2;If my sister was so concerned for Pycelle, I would have thought shed come herself Instead she sends you What am I to make of that?
lancel;Season 2;I dont care what you make of it, so long as you release your prisoner immediately
tyrion;Season 2;And youve received these instructions directly from Cersei?
lancel;Season 2;As I said several times
tyrion;Season 2;And youve waited this long to deliver the information?
lancel;Season 2;When the Queen Regent gives me a command, I carry it out without delay
tyrion;Season 2;Cersei must have great trust in you, allowing you into her chamber during the hour of the wolf
lancel;Season 2;The Queen Regent has a great many responsibilities She often works from dusk till dawn
tyrion;Season 2;She must be very glad to have you helping her from dusk till dawn
tyrion;Season 2;Ah Lavender oil She always loved lavender oil, even as a girl
lancel;Season 2;I am a knight
tyrion;Season 2;An anointed knight, yes Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, ser?
lancel;Season 2;You will withdraw these filthy accusations
tyrion;Season 2;Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out youve been bedding his mother?
lancel;Season 2;Its not my fault
tyrion;Season 2;Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, knight?
lancel;Season 2;Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the Kings squire, he told me to obey her in everything
tyrion;Season 2;Did he tell you to fuck her, too?
lancel;Season 2;I only meant I did as I was bid
tyrion;Season 2;Hated every moment of it, is that what youll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sisters legs spreading open for you at night Oh, yes, it must have been terrible Wait here His Grace will want to hear this
lancel;Season 2;Mercy! Mercy, my lord! I beg you
tyrion;Season 2;Save it for Joffrey He loves a good grovel
lancel;Season 2;My lord, it was your sisters bidding, the Queen Ill leave the city at once, I swear
tyrion;Season 2;No, I think not
lancel;Season 2;My lord?
tyrion;Season 2;You heard me My father told you to obey my sister Obey her Stay close to her side Keep her trust Pleasure her whenever she requires No one ever need know, as long as you keep faith with me I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything And you will tell me
lancel;Season 2;Yes, my lord, I will I swear it, as you command
tyrion;Season 2;Oh, rise, rise Let us drink to our understanding Oh, you dont have a cup Oh, well Smile, cousin My sister is a beautiful woman, and its all for the good of the realm Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that, henceforth, I shall do nothing without her consent
lancel;Season 2;But her demands?
tyrion;Season 2;Oh, Ill give her Pycelle
lancel;Season 2;You will?
tyrion;Season 2;Yes, Ill release him in the morning Cersei can keep him as a pet, if she wants, but I will not have him on the Council I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true Stay within one table length
davos;Season 2;Your Grace
stannis;Season 2;Do your knucklebones bring you luck?
davos;Season 2;Well, lifes been good since you hacked them off, Your Grace And its four less fingernails to clean
stannis;Season 2;Fewer
davos;Season 2;Pardon?
stannis;Season 2;Four fewer fingernails to clean Never understood why you had to wear them
davos;Season 2;It reminds me of where I come from and where I am now It reminds me of your justice It was an honest punishment and you were good with the cleaver
stannis;Season 2;You were a hero and a smuggler A good act does not wash out the bad, nor a bad the good
davos;Season 2;A lesson Ive tried to teach my son
stannis;Season 2;Does he listen?
davos;Season 2;To me? Gods, no But if your red woman told him to leap from the crows nest
stannis;Season 2;She has a name I trust youve not forgotten your smugglers tricks
davos;Season 2;Ive lived within the law for 17
stannis;Season 2;I want you to be a smuggler this time
davos;Season 2;Any shore, any night What am I bringing ashore?
stannis;Season 2;The red woman No one must know what you do and well not speak of this again
davos;Season 2;I am true to Your Grace and always will be, but surely there are other ways, cleaner ways
stannis;Season 2;Cleaner ways dont win wars
melisandre;Season 2;Are you afraid, Onion Knight?
davos;Season 2;Someone once told me the night is dark and full of terrors
melisandre;Season 2;Youve carried more unpleasant cargo in your time Are you a good man, Ser Davos Seaworth?
davos;Season 2;Id say my parts are mixed, my lady, good and bad
melisandre;Season 2;If half an onion is black with rot, its a rotten onion A man is good or he is evil
davos;Season 2;And which are you?
melisandre;Season 2;Oh, good Im a knight myself, of sorts, a champion of light and life
davos;Season 2;Well, that must be very nice for you
melisandre;Season 2;Do you love your wife?
davos;Season 2;I do
melisandre;Season 2;Yet you have known other women
davos;Season 2;Dont talk about my wife
melisandre;Season 2;Im not Im talking about other women Like me, Ser Davos You want me You want to see whats beneath this robe
melisandre;Season 2;And you will
davos;Season 2;Strange that this Lord of Light asks you to work in the shadows
melisandre;Season 2;Shadows cannot live in the dark, Ser Davos They are servants of light, the children of fire And the brighter the flame, the darker they are
davos;Season 2;These werent here before Theyve barred the passage
melisandre;Season 2;They cant bar our passage
davos;Season 2;Gods protect us
renly;Season 2;You swear it?
catelyn;Season 2;By the mother My son has no interest in the Iron Throne
renly;Season 2;Then I see no reason for hostility between us Your soncan go on calling himself King in the North The Starks will have dominion over all lands north of Moat Cailin, provided he swears me an oath of fealty
catelyn;Season 2;And the wording of this oath?
renly;Season 2;The same Ned Stark swore to Robert 18 years ago Cat, their friendship held the kingdoms together
catelyn;Season 2;And in return for my sons loyalty?
renly;Season 2;In the morning, Ill destroy my brothers army
renly;Season 2;When thats done, Baratheon and Stark will fight their common enemy together, as they have done many times before
catelyn;Season 2;Our two houses have always been close, which is why I am begging you to reconsider this battle Negotiate a peace with your brother
renly;Season 2;Negotiate with Stannis? You heard him out there Id have better luck debating the wind
renly;Season 2;Please bring my terms to your son I believe we are natural allies I hope he feels the same Together we could end this war in a fortnight
brienne;Season 2;No! No
soldier;Season 2;Follow me
soldier;Season 2;Youll die for this
catelyn;Season 2;No, wait, it wasnt her
catelyn;Season 2;Weve got to leave Theyll hang you for this
man;Season 2;Inside the kings tent
go man;Season 2;Now
brienne;Season 2;I wont leave him
catelyn;Season 2;You cant avenge him if youre dead
man;Season 2;Over there, go
brienne;Season 2;Not that way
margaery;Season 2;We need to go home Loras
littlefinger;Season 2;My lord, my lady
loras;Season 2;Get out
littlefinger;Season 2;Stannis will be here in an hour When he arrives, Renlys bannermen will flock to him Your former companions will fight for the privilege of selling you to their new king
loras;Season 2;And you want that privilege for yourself
littlefinger;Season 2;You will note that I am standing here talking to you, not Stannis
margaery;Season 2;Theres no time for this
loras;Season 2;Ride back to Highgarden, sister Im not running from Stannis
margaery;Season 2;Brienne of Tarth murdered Renly
loras;Season 2;I dont believe that You dont believe that Who gained the most from our kings death?
littlefinger;Season 2;Stannis
loras;Season 2;I will put a sword through his righteous face
margaery;Season 2;You cant stay here
loras;Season 2;He would have been a true king, a good king
littlefinger;Season 2;Tell me, Ser Loras, what do you desire most in this world?
loras;Season 2;Revenge
littlefinger;Season 2;I have always found that to be the purest of motivations, but you wont have a chance to put your sword through Stannis, not today Youll be cut to pieces before he sets foot on solid ground If it is justice that you want, be smart about it
margaery;Season 2;You cant avenge him from the grave Bring the horses Please
margaery;Season 2;He was very handsome
littlefinger;Season 2;He was, Your Grace
margaery;Season 2;Your Grace Calling yourself king doesnt make you one And if Renly wasnt a king, I wasnt a queen
littlefinger;Season 2;Do you want to be a queen?
margaery;Season 2;No I want to be the queen
cersei;Season 2;Killed? By whom?
tyrion;Season 2;Accounts differ Most seem to implicate Catelyn Stark in some way
cersei;Season 2;Really? Whod have thought?
tyrion;Season 2;Some say it was one of his own Kingsguard, while still others say it was Stannis himself who did it after negotiations went sour
cersei;Season 2;Whomever did it, I say well done
tyrion;Season 2;Its not what Varys says He says Renlys army is flocking to support Stannis, which would give Stannis superiority over us on both land and sea
cersei;Season 2;Littlefinger says we can outspend him three to one
tyrion;Season 2;And I say Father raised you to have too much respect for money Stannis Baratheon is coming for us, sooner rather than later
cersei;Season 2;Arent there other things you should be doing, like sealing my daughter in a crate so you can ship her away?
tyrion;Season 2;Shell be safer in Dorne
cersei;Season 2;Yes, I know how concerned you are for her safety
tyrion;Season 2;It so happens that I am Myrcella is a sweet, innocent girl and I dont blame her at all for you
cersei;Season 2;So clever Arent you always so clever with your schemes and your plots?
tyrion;Season 2;Schemes and plots are the same thing They are going to attack us We need to be ready
cersei;Season 2;No need to concern yourself over it The king is taking personal charge of siege preparations
tyrion;Season 2;May I ask specifically what the king has in mind?
cersei;Season 2;You may, specifically, or you may ask vaguely The answer will be the same
tyrion;Season 2;Its important that we talk about this
cersei;Season 2;Its the kings royal prerogative to withhold sensitive information from his councilors
lancel;Season 2;Its wildfire
tyrion;Season 2;Wildfire? You wouldnt lie to me, would you, cousin?
lancel;Season 2;No
tyrion;Season 2;Thats a lie right there
lancel;Season 2;It is not a lie Why would I lie?
tyrion;Season 2;Tell me, if the vile allegations against my brother and sister are true, do you think it will make Jaime more likely to kill you or less likely? When I tell him youre fucking her, I mean
lancel;Season 2;Im telling you the truth
tyrion;Season 2;The smart money would be on more likely
lancel;Season 2;Shes making wildfire
tyrion;Season 2;But then perhaps his own unnatural urges will give him sympathy for yours
lancel;Season 2;The Alchemists Guild is being commissioned
tyrion;Season 2;I suppose theres only one way to find out
lancel;Season 2;They have thousands of pots already stored in their vaults They are planning to launch it from the city walls into Stannis ships and armies Please
tyrion;Season 2;When did she tell you this?
lancel;Season 2;I heard her talking with the pyromancer And the other night, after I left her, she went to meet him I swear to you
tyrion;Season 2;Swear to me on what?
lancel;Season 2;On my life
tyrion;Season 2;But I dont care about your life
lancel;Season 2;In the light of the Seven, by all that is holy and right, I, Lancel Lannister, do solemnly vow
tyrion;Season 2;All right, all right Enough Even torturing you is boring Just get out
tyrion;Season 2;Oh, Lancel, tell my friend Bronn to please kill you if anything should happen to me
lancel;Season 2;Please kill me if anything should happen to Lord Tyrion
bronn;Season 2;It will be my pleasure
davos;Season 2;Your Grace
stannis;Season 2;What is it?
davos;Season 2;Im sorry about your brother, Your Grace, I wanted to let you know that people grieve for him
stannis;Season 2;Fools love a fool I grieve for him as well, for the boy he was, not the man he grew to be
davos;Season 2;I need to speak to you about what I saw in that cave
stannis;Season 2;I thought I made it clear to you thered be no need to speak to me on this matter
davos;Season 2;Your Grace, I -
stannis;Season 2;Ive never known you to need to hear a thing twice
davos;Season 2;And Ive never known you to hide from the truth
stannis;Season 2;Youve come to lecture me on truth?
davos;Season 2;Ive come to tell you that what I saw
stannis;Season 2;All my brothers bannermen have come to my side Except the Tyrells, who fled like cowards They wont be able to resist us now Soon I shall be sitting on the Iron Throne
davos;Season 2;Nothing is worth what this will cost you, not even the Iron
stannis;Season 2;Ill hear no more about it
man;Season 2;Take a company of men, secure the perimeter
davos;Season 2;When do we sail for Kings Landing?
stannis;Season 2;As soon as Ive consolidated my troops Well make short work of the Lannisters fleet Once Blackwater Bay is cleared, well deliver our troops to their doorstep and take the city
davos;Season 2;And will you bring Lady Melisandre with you?
stannis;Season 2;Thats not your concern
davos;Season 2;If you take Kings Landing with her by your side, the victory will be hers
stannis;Season 2;I never thought Id have reason to doubt your loyalty Was I wrong?
davos;Season 2;Loyal service means telling hard truths
stannis;Season 2;Oh, truth again All right, whats the truth? The hard truth?
davos;Season 2;Shes a foreigner preaching her foreign religion Some believe she whispers orders in your ear and you obey
stannis;Season 2;What do you believe?
davos;Season 2;You won those bannermen from Renly Dont lose them to her
stannis;Season 2;We set out for Kings Landing without Lady Melisandre And you lead the fleet into Blackwater Bay
davos;Season 2;Your Grace, Im honored, but my time on the sea was spent evading ships, not attacking them The other lords wont be happy
stannis;Season 2;Most of those lords should consider themselves lucky I dont hang them for treason Hard truths cut both ways, Ser Davos
girl;Season 2;Ive got it! Ive got it
man;Season 2;So its that one there at the top, on the right
man;Season 2;Buy my fruit, my lord Fresh fruit
tyrion;Season 2;Stannis has more infantry, more ships, more horses What do we have?
bronn;Season 2;Theres that mind of yours you keep going on about
tyrion;Season 2;Well, Ive never actually been able to kill people with it
bronn;Season 2;Good thing Id be out of a job What about your father?
tyrion;Season 2;He hasnt sent a raven in weeks Hes very busy Being repeatedly humiliated by Robb Stark is time-consuming We wont be able to hold the city against Stannis, not the way Joffreys planning on holding it
protester;Season 2;Corruption
crowd;Season 2;Yes
protester;Season 2;We are swollen, bloated, foul Brother fornicates with sister in the bed of kings and were surprised when the fruit of their incest is rotten? Yes, a rotten king
tyrion;Season 2;Its hard to argue with his assessment
bronn;Season 2;Not after what he did to your birthday present
tyrion;Season 2;The king is a lost cause Its the rest of us Im worried about now
man;Season 2;A dancing king, prancing down his bloodstained halls to the tune of a twisted demon monkey
tyrion;Season 2;You have to admire his imagination
bronn;Season 2;Hes talking about you
tyrion;Season 2;What? Demon monkey?
bronn;Season 2;People think youre pulling the kings strings They blame you for the citys ills
tyrion;Season 2;Blame me? Im trying to save them
bronn;Season 2;You dont need to convince me
tyrion;Season 2;Demon monkey
man;Season 2;Yeah, come on
theon;Season 2;Youre the crew of the Sea Bitch? Im your commander Welcome
theon;Season 2;Stop Stop! Your captain commands you to stop
black lorren;Season 2;Where are we headed, Captain?
theon;Season 2;The Stony Shore, to raid their villages Therell be spoils in it for you, and women, if you do your jobs well
black lorren;Season 2;And who decides if weve done our jobs well?
theon;Season 2;I do Your captain
black lorren;Season 2;I have been reaving and raping since before you left Balons balls, Captain Dont reckon Ive got much use for your ideas on how to do it Dont reckon Ive got much use for a captain at all Im thinking I can do the job of captain real well myself All I need is a ship You wouldnt know where I could find myself a ship now, would you?
theon;Season 2;You could do that, take the ship, head out on your own And I will hunt you down, drag you back here in chains and hang you for a traitor
yara;Season 2;Stop We yield
yara;Season 2;Congratulations on your first command
theon;Season 2;Thank you Kind of you to come see me off
yara;Season 2;Oh, Im not here for you I was just on my way to Red Harbor Ive got 30 ships Theres nowhere to put them here Too narrow
theon;Season 2;Youd better get out there Wouldnt want her to set sail without you
yara;Season 2;That would never happen My crew would wait on deck for a year if I asked them to This lot, though Enjoy the Stony Shore
dagmer;Season 2;Come on, Ill take you out
theon;Season 2;Who are you?
dagmer;Season 2;Dagmer, your first mate
theon;Season 2;Why arent you with the rest of them? Or did they send you to row me out and dump me halfway in the sea? That would be good for a laugh
dagmer;Season 2;Theyre not gonna respect you until you prove yourself
theon;Season 2;And how am I supposed to prove myself by pillaging piss-poor fishing villages?
dagmer;Season 2;Youre not
theon;Season 2;And yet thats the task my father has given me to prove that Im a true Iron Islander
dagmer;Season 2;Theyre all Iron Islanders Do they do as theyre told or do they do as they like?
theon;Season 2;The Stony Shores not far from Torrhens Square
dagmer;Season 2;The seat of the House of Tallhart, a more impressive prize than a few fishermens daughters What, you dont think we could take it?
theon;Season 2;No, we could We could never hold it for more than a few days As soon as Winterfell got word that wed taken Torrhens Square, the Starks would send their men to take it back
and then theon;Season 2;Take me to my ship
reginald;Season 2;The Starks have overextended their lines Now that summers over, theyll have a hard time keeping their men and horses fed
tywin;Season 2;The Starks understand winter better than we ever will The cold wont beat them
amory;Season 2;Our spies report growing discontent among the Northern lords They want to return home and gather the harvest before the crops turn
tywin;Season 2;And Im sure if those same spies snuck into our own encampments, they would report growing discontent amongst the Southern lords This is war, no ones content Weve underestimated the Stark boy for too long He has a good mind for warfare, his men worship him And as long as he keeps winning battles, theyll keep believing he is King in the North Youve been waiting for him to fail He is not going to fail, not without our help So how do we stop him?
reginald;Season 2;Weve worked through the night, my lord Perhaps wed profit from some sleep
tywin;Season 2;Yes, I think you would, Reginald And because youre my cousin, I might even let you wake from that sleep Go, Im sure your wife must miss you
reginald;Season 2;My wifes in Lannisport
tywin;Season 2;Well, then youd better start riding Go, before I change my mind and send her your head
tywin;Season 2;If your name wasnt Lannister, youd be scrubbing out pots in the cooks tent Go
tywin;Season 2;Not wine, water Well be here for some time Girl, where are you from?
arya;Season 2;Maidenpool, my lord
tywin;Season 2;And who are the Lords of Maidenpool? Remind me
arya;Season 2;House Mooton, my lord
tywin;Season 2;And what is their sigil?
tywin;Season 2;A red salmon I think a Maidenpool girl would remember that Youre a Northerner, arent you?
tywin;Season 2;Good One more time, where are you from?
arya;Season 2;Barrowton, my lord House Dustin Two crossed longaxes beneath a black crown
tywin;Season 2;And what do they say of Robb Stark in the North?
arya;Season 2;They call him the Young Wolf
tywin;Season 2;And?
arya;Season 2;They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants They say he cant be killed
tywin;Season 2;And do you believe them?
arya;Season 2;No, my lord Anyone can be killed
tywin;Season 2;Fetch that water
jaqen;Season 2;A girl says nothing
jaqen;Season 2;A girl keeps her mouth closed No one hears, and friends may talk in secret, yes? A boy becomes a girl
arya;Season 2;I was always a girl
jaqen;Season 2;And I was always aware But the girl keeps secrets It is not for a man to spoil them
arya;Season 2;Youre one of them now I should have let you burn
jaqen;Season 2;And you fetch water for one of them now Why is this right for you and wrong for me?
arya;Season 2;I didnt have a choice
jaqen;Season 2;You did I did And here we are
jaqen;Season 2;A man pays his debts A man owes three
arya;Season 2;Three what?
jaqen;Season 2;The Red God takes what is his, lovely girl And only death may pay for life You saved me and the two I was with You stole three deaths from the Red God We have to give them back Speak three names and the man will do the rest Three lives I will give you, no more, no less, and were done
arya;Season 2;I can name anyone and youll kill him?
jaqen;Season 2;A man has said
arya;Season 2;The one who tortures everyone
jaqen;Season 2;A man needs a name
arya;Season 2;I dont know his name They call him the Tickler
jaqen;Season 2;That is enough Go now, girl Your master is thirsty
jeor;Season 2;Hes not here yet Hed have seen us, blown the horn
jon;Season 2;When will he come?
jeor;Season 2;The Halfhand does things in his own time
jon;Season 2;My uncle told me stories about him
jeor;Season 2;Most of them are true
jon;Season 2;I heard the Halfhand spent half of last winter beyond the Wall
jeor;Season 2;The whole winter He was north of the Skirling Pass when the snows came Had to wait for the thaw
jon;Season 2;So it is possible for someone to survive out here on their own
jeor;Season 2;Well, possible for the Halfhand
sam;Season 2;Beautiful, isnt it? Gilly would love it here
eddison tollett;Season 2;Theres nothing more sickening than a man in love
man;Season 2;About time you did something At least youll keep warm
sam;Season 2;The Fist of the First Men Think of how old this place is Before the Targaryens defeated the Andals, before the Andals took Westeros from the First Men
eddison tollett;Season 2;Before I die, please, stop talking
sam;Season 2;Thousands and thousands of years ago, the First Men stood here where were standing all through the long night What do you think they were like, the First Men?
eddison tollett;Season 2;Stupid Smart people dont find themselves in places like this
jon;Season 2;I think they were afraid I think they came here to get away from something And I dont think it worked
grenn;Season 2;Wildlings?
jon;Season 2;One blast is for rangers returning Wildlings is two blasts
eddison tollett;Season 2;So you got to stand there waiting, wondering One blast for friends, two for foes
sam;Season 2;And three for White Walkers Its been a thousand years, but thats the only time they blow the horn three times
grenn;Season 2;But if its been a thousand years, how do you know?
sam;Season 2;Well I read it in a book
eddison tollett;Season 2;I read it in a book
jon;Season 2;Look Its Qhorin Halfhand
eddison tollett;Season 2;Aye, well live another day Hurrah
haylene;Season 2;Take care, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;I remember reading an old sailors proverb, Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off
haylene;Season 2;Oh, I have not conducted this experiment It could well be true The substance burns so hot, it melts wood, stone, even steel, and, of course, flesh The substance burns so hot, it melts flesh like tallow
haylene;Season 2;After the dragons died, wildfire was the key to the Targaryen power
tyrion;Season 2;My companion takes issue
bronn;Season 2;If I could tell you how many crazy old men Ive seen pushing carts around army camps making grand claims about jars full of pig shit No offense meant
haylene;Season 2;Our order does not deal in pig shit The substance is fire given form And we have been perfecting it since the days of Maegor
bronn;Season 2;To do what?
haylene;Season 2;The jars are put in catapults and flung at the enemy
tyrion;Season 2;How much do you have?
bronn;Season 2;If you could get real soldiers to man the catapults, then maybe youd hit your target one time in ten, but all the real soldiers are in the Riverlands with your father
haylene;Season 2;My lord, this man is insulting
bronn;Season 2;I dont know if youve ever seen a battle, old man, but things can get a bit messy Cause when were flinging things at Stannis, hes flinging them right back at us Men die, men shit themselves, men run, which means pots falling, which means fire inside the walls, which means the poor cunts trying to defend the city end up burning it down
tyrion;Season 2;My friend remains unconvinced
haylene;Season 2;He would not dare insult my order whilst Aerys Targaryen lived
bronn;Season 2;Well, hes not living anymore And all his pots of wildfire didnt help him, did they? Men win wars, not magic tricks
haylene;Season 2;We have been working tirelessly, day and night, ever since your royal sister commanded us to do so Our present count stands at 7,811 Enough to burn Stannis Baratheons fleet and armies both
bronn;Season 2;This is a shit idea
tyrion;Season 2;Im afraid I have to concur with my advisor, Wisdom Haylene The contents of this room could lay Kings Landing low You wont be making wildfire for my sister any longer Youll be making it for me
daenerys;Season 2;Dracarys Dracarys
daenerys;Season 2;Hell be able to feed himself from now on
daenerys;Season 2;Let him sleep, Doreah
doreah;Season 2;Yes, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 2;He loves you
irri;Season 2;I rewove this part of the top And I fixed the heel on this one
daenerys;Season 2;Thank you, my friend
doreah;Season 2;Did you see the dress Xaro had made for you? They say hes the wealthiest man in Qarth
irri;Season 2;It is known
doreah;Season 2;And if Qarth is the wealthiest city in Essos
daenerys;Season 2;The last time a rich man gave me a dress, he was selling me to Khal Drogo
irri;Season 2;May he ride forever through the night lands
daenerys;Season 2;Xaro is our host, but we know nothing about him Men like to talk about other men when theyre happy
doreah;Season 2;You would look like a real princess in Xaros
irri;Season 2;Shes not a princess Shes a Khaleesi You should wear it, Khaleesi
irri;Season 2;You are their guest It would be rude not to
woman;Season 2;And you must visit the night market The Qartheen night market is like no night market youve ever seen
daenerys;Season 2;It sounds wonderful
woman;Season 2;The Meereenis think they have a night market I will take you there myself
daenerys;Season 2;Please excuse me for a moment
daenerys;Season 2;What are they doing?
jorah;Season 2;Malakko says the statue is too heavy to carry Kovarro says that Malakko is an idiot They can pry out the gems, the rest is pure gold Very soft He can chop off as much as we can carry
kovarro;Season 2;Or melt it Very simple
daenerys;Season 2;We are his guests! You cant pry it or chop it or melt it
kovarro;Season 2;Of course not, Khaleesi! We will wait until we leave
daenerys;Season 2;Not even when we leave
kovarro;Season 2;Why not?
daenerys;Season 2;Our host saved us from the Red Waste and you want to steal from him? I will hear no more
daenerys;Season 2;My brother used to say the only thing the Dothraki knew how to do was steal things better men have built
jorah;Season 2;Its not the only thing Theyre quite good at killing the better men
daenerys;Season 2;Thats not the kind of queen Im going to be
pyatt pree;Season 2;Mother of Dragons On behalf of the warlocks of Qarth, I welcome you A demonstration?
pyatt pree;Season 2;Take this gem Look at it Into its depths So many facets Look closely enough and you can see yourself in them Often more than once
pyatt pree;Season 2;Should you grow tired of Xaros baubles and trinkets, it would be an honor to host you at the House of the Undying You are always welcome, Mother of Dragons
xaro;Season 2;My apologies Pyatt Pree is one of the Thirteen It was customary for me to extend him an invitation Customs die slow deaths in Qarth
daenerys;Season 2;What is the House of the Undying?
xaro;Season 2;It is where the warlocks go to squint at dusty books and drink shade of the evening It turns their lips blue and their minds soft So soft, they actually believe their parlor tricks are magic
quaithe;Season 2;You watch over her
jorah;Season 2;Do I know you?
quaithe;Season 2;I know you Jorah Mormont of Bear Island
jorah;Season 2;Who are you?
quaithe;Season 2;Im no one But she is the Mother of Dragons She needs true protectors, now more than ever They shall come day and night to see the wonder born into the world again And when they see, they shall lust, for dragons are fire made flesh And fire is power
brienne;Season 2;It looked like Stannis
catelyn;Season 2;To me it just looked like A shadow in the shape of a man
brienne;Season 2;In the shape of Stannis
catelyn;Season 2;We should reach my sons camp tomorrow
brienne;Season 2;Will you stay there long, my lady?
catelyn;Season 2;Only long enough to tell Robb what I have seen After that, I will leave for Winterfell My two youngest need me Ive been away from them for far too long
brienne;Season 2;I never knew my mother
catelyn;Season 2;Im sorry
catelyn;Season 2;My own mother died on the birthing bed when I was very young
brienne;Season 2;Its a bloody business
catelyn;Season 2;What comes after is even harder
brienne;Season 2;Once youre safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, my lady?
catelyn;Season 2;You mean to kill Stannis
brienne;Season 2;I swore a vow
catelyn;Season 2;But Stannis has a great army around him His own guards are sworn to keep him safe
catelyn;Season 2;Im as good as any of them I should never have fled
catelyn;Season 2;Renlys death was no fault of yours You served him bravely
brienne;Season 2;I only held him that once as he was dying
catelyn;Season 2;Hes gone, Brienne You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth Renlys enemies are Robbs enemies as well
brienne;Season 2;I do not know your son, my lady But I could serve you, if you would have me You have courage Not battle courage, perhaps, but, I dont know, a womans kind of courage And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis
catelyn;Season 2;When the time comes, I will not hold you back
brienne;Season 2;Then I am yours, my lady I will shield your back and give my life for yours, if it comes to that I swear it by the Old Gods and the new
catelyn;Season 2;I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor I swear it by the Old Gods and the new
winterfell shepherd;Season 2;And its not just thieves, my lord Theres wolves in them hills now, more than I ever seen They come down in the night and they kill my sheep My three sons is away fighting for your brother, my lord Theyll fight, keep fighting till theyre told to go home I have no one to man my flock now Only me I cant keep watch all day and all night
bran;Season 2;We can send two orphan boys from Winterstown home with you to help watch over your flock if you can give them room and board
winterfell shepherd;Season 2;My wife always prayed for more children Well look after them Thank you, my lord And may the gods bless you and yours
bran;Season 2;Stop it If thats everyone, Im going to go for a ride before dark
luwin;Season 2;Good
bran;Season 2;Hodor
hodor;Season 2;Hodor
rodrik;Season 2;Bran! Lord Stark Torrhens Square is under siege
luwin;Season 2;Torrhens Square is barely 40 leagues from here How can the Lannisters strike so far north?
rodrik;Season 2;Might be a raiding party led by the mountain Might be sellswords paid by Tywin Lannister
bran;Season 2;We have to help them
rodrik;Season 2;Most of the fighting men are away with Robb, but I can gather 200 decent men
luwin;Season 2;Do you need so many?
bran;Season 2;If we cant protect our own bannermen, why should they protect us? Go, Ser Rodrik Take the men you need
rodrik;Season 2;Wont take long, my lord Southerners dont do well up here
bran;Season 2;So, what does it mean?
osha;Season 2;Ask your Maester Luwin Hes the one studying books all the time
bran;Season 2;I did ask him Hed never heard of a three-eyed raven
osha;Season 2;Must not mean anything, then
bran;Season 2;Youre lying
osha;Season 2;You might be a little lord, but dont you call me a liar
bran;Season 2;You know what it means
osha;Season 2;I never said I didnt
bran;Season 2;You didnt give me an honest answer
osha;Season 2;Thats not the same as being a liar
bran;Season 2;Well, its not far off
osha;Season 2;So, youve been dreaming of a three-eyed raven again? In the godswood, you told me you didnt dream Now whos a liar? What did you see in your dream?
osha;Season 2;Something bad? Tell me, boy
bran;Season 2;I dreamt that the sea came to Winterfell I saw waves crashing against the gates and the water came flowing over the walls It flooded the castle Drowned men were floating here, in the yard Ser Rodrik was one of them
osha;Season 2;The sea is hundreds of miles away
bran;Season 2;I know Its just a stupid dream
osha;Season 2;Ive got to get these potatoes to the kitchen Otherwise theyll put me in chains again
bran;Season 2;Osha The three-eyed raven, what do they say about it north of the Wall?
osha;Season 2;They say all sorts of crazy things north of the Wall
qhorin;Season 2;There
jeor;Season 2;Where?
qhorin;Season 2;On that mountain
sam;Season 2;I dont see very well
jon;Season 2;A fire
qhorin;Season 2;Theres a fire The people sitting around it have better eyes than yours or mine When they see us coming, that fire becomes a signal Gives Mance Rayder plenty of time to throw a party in our honor
jeor;Season 2;How many wildlings have joined him?
qhorin;Season 2;From what we can tell, all of them Mance has gathered them all like deer against the wolves Theyre almost ready to make their move
jon;Season 2;Where?
qhorin;Season 2;Somewhere safe Somewhere south Cant just march into their midst And we cant wait for them here with nothing but a pile of stones to protect us
jeor;Season 2;You saying we should fall back to the Wall?
qhorin;Season 2;Mance was one of us once Now hes one of them Hes going to teach them our way of doing things Theyll hit us in force and they wont run away when we hit back Theyre gonna be more organized than before, more disciplined, more like us So we need to be more like them, do things their way Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall And to do that
jeor;Season 2;We need to get rid of those lookouts
qhorin;Season 2;Its not a job for 400 men I need to move fast and silent Harker, Stonesnake, Borba
jon;Season 2;Lord Commander, Id like to join Lord Qhorin
qhorin;Season 2;Ive been called lots of things, but that might be my first Lord Qhorin Youre a steward, Snow, not a ranger
jon;Season 2;Ive fought and killed a wight How many rangers can say that?
qhorin;Season 2;Hes the one?
jeor;Season 2;Aye You killed a wight You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword
qhorin;Season 2;Craster? In the boys defense, thats a tough old goat
sam;Season 2;I could take up Jons duties while hes gone, my lord It would be no trouble
jeor;Season 2;Well, I hope you make a better ranger than you do a steward Go on
xaro;Season 2;So, tell me, how long has your manservant been in love with you?
daenerys;Season 2;Hes not my manservant and hes not in love with me Hes my advisor and hes my friend
xaro;Season 2;Unlikely I can almost always tell what a man wants
daenerys;Season 2;And what about what a woman wants?
xaro;Season 2;Much more complicated You, for example, what do you want?
daenerys;Season 2;To cross the Narrow Sea and take back the Iron Throne
xaro;Season 2;Why?
daenerys;Season 2;Because I promised my khalasar Id protect them and find them a safe home
xaro;Season 2;You want to conquer the Seven Kingdoms for the Dothraki?
daenerys;Season 2;I want them because theyre mine by right The Iron Throne is mine and I will take it
xaro;Season 2;Ah, a conqueror
daenerys;Season 2;And how did you get all of this? Did someone give it to you?
xaro;Season 2;No I come from nothing I hit the docks like a piece of cargo, except someone normally cares what happens to cargo
daenerys;Season 2;So you wanted more than you had and you took it Youre a conqueror, too Youre just less ambitious
daenerys;Season 2;What do you want, Xaro Xhoan Daxos? At the gates of the city, you bled for me Why?
xaro;Season 2;I will show you why
xaro;Season 2;The door and the vault is made of Valyrian stone The hardest steel does not make a mark I offered the greatest locksmiths in Qarth their weight in gold if they could break into it I made the same offer to the greatest thieves They all went home empty-handed The only thing that can open this door is this key
daenerys;Season 2;And behind the door?
daenerys;Season 2;And it can all be mine?
xaro;Season 2;All? Let us say half More than enough to buy horses, ships, armies Enough to go home
daenerys;Season 2;All I have to do?
xaro;Season 2;Is marry me
daenerys;Season 2;That was a romantic proposal
xaro;Season 2;Ive already married once for love, but the gods stole her from me I come from nothing My mother and father never owned a pair of shoes But marry me, and I will give you the Seven Kingdoms and our children will be princes and princesses
xaro;Season 2;See? I have more ambition than you thought The time is right, Daenerys Targaryen, First of Your Name Robert Baratheon is dead
jorah;Season 2;If you cross the sea with an army you bought and a foreign husband who paid for it
daenerys;Season 2;The Seven Kingdoms are at war with one another Four false kings destroying the country
jorah;Season 2;To win Westeros, you need support from Westeros
daenerys;Season 2;The usurper is dead
daenerys;Season 2;The Starks fight the Lannisters, and Baratheons fight each other
jorah;Season 2;According to your new friend who earned your trust by cutting his hand?
daenerys;Season 2;The time to strike is now We need to find ships and an army or well spend the rest of our lives rotting away at the edge of the world
jorah;Season 2;Rich men do not become rich by giving more than they get Theyll give you ships and soldiers and theyll own you forever Moving carefully is the hard way, but its the right way
daenerys;Season 2;And if Id listened to that advice outside the gates of Qarth, wed all be dead by now
jorah;Season 2;I know the opportunity before you seems like the last youll ever have,
daenerys;Season 2;Do not speak to me like Im a child
jorah;Season 2;I only want
daenerys;Season 2;What do you want? Tell me
jorah;Season 2;To see you on the Iron Throne
daenerys;Season 2;Why?
jorah;Season 2;You have a good claim A title A birthright But you have something more than that You may cover it up and deny it, but you have a gentle heart You would not only be respected and feared, you would be loved Someone who can rule and should rule Centuries come and go without a person like that coming into the world There are times when I look at you and I still cant believe youre real
daenerys;Season 2;So what would you have me do, as my advisor?
jorah;Season 2;Make your own way Find your own ship You only need one The allies we need are in Westeros, not Qarth
daenerys;Season 2;And how do I get the ship?
jorah;Season 2;Ill find it for you A sound ship with a good captain
daenerys;Season 2;I look forward to meeting him
jorah;Season 2;Khaleesi
arya;Season 2;You should stand sideface
gendry;Season 2;Sideface?
arya;Season 2;Sideways
gendry;Season 2;Why?
arya;Season 2;Smaller target
gendry;Season 2;Am I fighting someone?
arya;Season 2;Youre practicing for a fight You should practice right
gold cloak;Season 2;Guards! Did you see anything? Go up there Go and see where he fell from
gold cloak;Season 2;Go up the battlement
woman;Season 2;That is strange
theon;Season 2;Ive taken your castle
bran;Season 2;Theon?
theon;Season 2;Its Prince Theon now Get up You have to get dressed Ive taken Winterfell I took it Im occupying it I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes
bran;Season 2;Why?
theon;Season 2;To take the castle
bran;Season 2;You went with Robb
theon;Season 2;And he sent me back to Pyke Im a Greyjoy I cant fight for Robb and my father both Wheres Hodor?
bran;Season 2;I dont know
theon;Season 2;Find the halfwit
theon;Season 2;My men are bringing your people together in the courtyard
bran;Season 2;Why?
theon;Season 2;So you and I can go down and tell them how youve yielded Winterfell to me
bran;Season 2;I wont
theon;Season 2;Yes, you will
bran;Season 2;I wont Ill never yield Well fight you and throw you out
theon;Season 2;The castle is mine But these people are still yours Youll yield to keep them safe, to keep them alive Thats what a good lord would do Think carefully about what you want to say
bran;Season 2;Theon Did you hate us the whole time?
bran;Season 2;Ive yielded Winterfell to Theon
theon;Season 2;Louder Say Prince Theon
bran;Season 2;Ive yielded Winterfell to Prince Theon You all know me
farlen;Season 2;Aye, we know you for a steaming sack of shit
bran;Season 2;Farlen, you be silent
theon;Season 2;Listen to your little lord, Farlen He has more sense than you do
bran;Season 2;All of you should do as he commands
theon;Season 2;My father has donned the ancient crown of Salt and Rock and declared himself King of the Iron Islands He claims the North as well by right of conquest You are all his subjects
farlen;Season 2;Bugger that I serve the Starks If you think you can hold the North with it
ironborn;Season 2;Shut up
theon;Season 2;If you serve me as loyally as you served Ned Stark, I will be as good to you as he ever was Betray me, and you will wish you hadnt Maester Luwin, send a raven to Pyke informing my father of my victory here And one to Deepwood Motte to my sister Inform her that shes to bring You are a maester of the Citadel, sworn to serve the Lord of Winterfell, are you not?
luwin;Season 2;I am
theon;Season 2;I am the Lord of Winterfell as Bran just informed you Send the ravens
luwin;Season 2;My lord
osha;Season 2;My Lord Greyjoy
theon;Season 2;I see youve finally learned how to address your betters What do you want? I was brought here a captive
osha;Season 2;You were here the day I was taken
theon;Season 2;Im the one who took you What of it?
osha;Season 2;Let me serve you
theon;Season 2;Serve me how? I need fighters, not kitchen sluts
osha;Season 2;It was Robb Stark who put me in the kitchens Put a spear in my hand again
theon;Season 2;So you can bury it in my neck? Do you take me for a fool? Get up
osha;Season 2;Step aside
bran;Season 2;Why?
osha;Season 2;Its your dream, little lord The ocean has come to swallow this place I aint letting it drown me
theon;Season 2;Youll all go about your tasks as usual And in a few days time BLACK
lorren;Season 2;Greyjoy
black lorren;Season 2;We caught this one on his way back from Torrhens Square Took out two of ours before I got his sword
theon;Season 2;Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes
rodrik;Season 2;It grieves me youve less honor than a back alley whore You were raised here under this roof These people are your people
theon;Season 2;They are not my people
rodrik;Season 2;King Robb thought of you as a brother
theon;Season 2;My brothers are dead They died fighting Stark men, men like you
rodrik;Season 2;Aye, they died fighting a war your father started Lord Stark raised you among his own sons
theon;Season 2;Among them, but not one of them I was his hostage, taken from my home
rodrik;Season 2;If he were alive to see this
theon;Season 2;Hes not Hes dead The Seven Kingdoms are at war And Winterfell is mine
rodrik;Season 2;I should have put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand
theon;Season 2;Youve served this house faithfully, old man But keep talking and Ill
theon;Season 2;Take him to the cells
lock him up dagmer;Season 2;My prince You cannot let that stand He must pay
theon;Season 2;Ill lock him in a cell until he rots
dagmer;Season 2;No, he has to pay the iron price Theyll never respect you while he lives
theon;Season 2;Ser Rodrik, I sentence you to death
bran;Season 2;No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded
theon;Season 2;The old man couldnt keep his mouth shut
luwin;Season 2;I urge you not to make a hasty decision
theon;Season 2;He disrespected me in front of my men That was his decision, not mine
luwin;Season 2;He is worth more to you alive than dead The Starks will pay Please, Theon, think what you do
theon;Season 2;Youll address me as Prince Theon or youll be next
dagmer;Season 2;Come
bran;Season 2;No! No! Theon! Please Ser Rodrik
rodrik;Season 2;He who passes the sentence should swing the sword
bran;Season 2;Im begging you
rodrik;Season 2;Coward
bran;Season 2;Stop Stop! Stop right now
theon;Season 2;You dont give commands anymore, little lord
bran;Season 2;Please, stop this Please stop him
rodrik;Season 2;Hush now, child Im off to see your father
bran;Season 2;You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come Theon, please
theon;Season 2;Any last words, old man?
rodrik;Season 2;Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy Now you are truly lost
bran;Season 2;Theon, please dont
rickon;Season 2;Do something
bran;Season 2;Ill do anything, please! No, please stop it
jon;Season 2;Ghost, stay with us Ghost
qhorin;Season 2;There goes your pet
jon;Season 2;Hes not a pet
qhorin;Season 2;No, youre right, hes not You cant tame a wild thing You cant trust a wild thing
jon;Season 2;Ghost is different
qhorin;Season 2;So you think Wild creatures have their own rules, their own reasons And youll never know them Now the wildlings were looking for sleep during the day and hunt at night
jon;Season 2;I thought you said you couldnt know wild things
qhorin;Season 2;I said you cant They find a nice cave to hide in while the suns up and do their killing when its dark
jon;Season 2;We could do the same
qhorin;Season 2;No, we couldnt This is their country They know where to walk, where not to walk Ive lost good men who fell into a crevasse they didnt see till they were in it
jon;Season 2;My father always said Im of the North
jon;Season 2;I wasnt joking
qhorin;Season 2;Look around, boy This look like home to you? You start thinking you know this place, it will kill you You understand me?
qhorin;Season 2;No, you dont Were at war Weve always been at war Its never going to end cause were not fighting an enemy Were fighting the North, and its not going anywhere The Watch has given you a great gift You only have one thing to give in return, your life
jon;Season 2;Ill gladly give my life
qhorin;Season 2;I dont want you to be glad about it I want you to curse and fight until your hearts done pumping And know this, boy Your death will be a gift for them south of the Wall Theyll never know what youve done Theyll never know how you died They wont even know your damn name But theyll be alive because some nameless bastard north of the Wall gave his life for theirs Now, do you understand me?
jon;Season 2;I do
qhorin;Season 2;Youre even dumber than you look Its just words, boy, to keep us a little warmer in the night Make us feel like weve got a purpose Come on Weve got to find these goat fuckers before night falls and they find us
tywin;Season 2;Can you read?
amory;Season 2;My lord?
tywin;Season 2;Can you read?
tywin;Season 2;This letter detailing our infantry movements was meant for Lord Damon of House Marbrand It was sent to Lord Marlyn of House Dormand
amory;Season 2;My apologies, my lord
tywin;Season 2;Girl, fetch me the History of the Greater and the Lesser Houses Its the one on this
tywin;Season 2;My cupbearer can read better than you
tywin;Season 2;To whom does House Dormand owe allegiance?
armory;Season 2;My lord
tywin;Season 2;To the Starks of Winterfell! Who have 20,000 men and my son! I judged you might be good for something more than brutalizing peasants I see I overestimated you If you ever put my sons life at risk again, Ill Leave us
tywin;Season 2;Put the book away, girl Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while youre about it
guard;Season 2;Lord Petyr Baelish
tywin;Season 2;Mmm Give us the room
tywin;Season 2;Clear all this
littlefinger;Season 2;Lord Tywin
tywin;Season 2;Baelish
tywin;Season 2;Wine?
littlefinger;Season 2;Thank you
tywin;Season 2;What news from the capital?
littlefinger;Season 2;I traveled here directly from Renly Baratheons camp
tywin;Season 2;Ah, the late King Renly Rather a short reign Murdered by a woman, I hear
littlefinger;Season 2;So they say There has been talk of other forces at work Dark forces
tywin;Season 2;Here Men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel
littlefinger;Season 2;It is my belief that a moment of chaos affords opportunities lost soon after
tywin;Season 2;You say that as if you were the first man alive to think it Yes, a crisis is an opportunity What other brilliant insights have you brought me today?
littlefinger;Season 2;After the Lannisters and the Starks, the Tyrells command the largest host Their lands are the most fertile in the Seven Kingdoms, feeding horses and soldiers
tywin;Season 2;Yes, yes, yes
littlefinger;Season 2;The Tyrells have not yet declared for any of the surviving kings Loras wants revenge He blames Stannis for Renlys death
tywin;Season 2;Wants to be queen
littlefinger;Season 2;Yes, she does
tywin;Season 2;House Tyrell rebelled against the Iron Throne Against my grandson
littlefinger;Season 2;They did And perhaps that treason should be punished one day, after Stannis and Robb Stark are defeated
tywin;Season 2;More wine for Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 2;If you will allow me to represent your familys interests, I believe that an advantageous agreement
tywin;Season 2;The Tyrell host has returned to Highgarden?
littlefinger;Season 2;They have
arya;Season 2;Pardon, my lord
littlefinger;Season 2;Its only wine
tywin;Season 2;You would ride there yourself?
littlefinger;Season 2;Tonight, with your leave
tywin;Season 2;Ill have an answer by nightfall Thatll be all, girl
tywin;Season 2;And what else?
littlefinger;Season 2;On your son Tyrions directive, I met with Catelyn Stark
tywin;Season 2;Why?
littlefinger;Season 2;He had an interesting proposal for her concerning her daughters
tywin;Season 2;Hmm
jon;Season 2;A girl
qhorin;Season 2;A wildling
jon;Season 2;We could question her
qhorin;Season 2;You could She wont answer Ive known a wildling to bite off his tongue instead of talking
jon;Season 2;Whats your name?
ygritte;Season 2;Ygritte
qhorin;Season 2;She was reaching for this ax when you got to her Give her half a chance, shell bury it in your face
ygritte;Season 2;I gave you my name
jon;Season 2;Im Jon Snow
ygritte;Season 2;You ought to burn them you killed
qhorin;Season 2;Wed need a big fire for that Tell me, Ygritte Why do you want us to build a big fire? Are there some more friends in the area?
ygritte;Season 2;Burn them or maybe youll need those swords again
qhorin;Season 2;Our boy heres already killed one dead man He can do it again if he has to What waits beyond the pass?
ygritte;Season 2;The free folk
qhorin;Season 2;How many?
ygritte;Season 2;Hundreds and thousands More than youve ever seen, crow
qhorin;Season 2;Why come to the mountains? Whats in the Frostfangs your king could want?
qhorin;Season 2;Do you mean to march on the Wall?
qhorin;Season 2;Do you know who I am, girl?
ygritte;Season 2;Qhorin Halfhand
qhorin;Season 2;Tell me true If your people captured me, would they take me prisoner?
ygritte;Season 2;Theyd take your head off your shoulders if they was feeling kind If not, theyd kill you slow
qhorin;Season 2;We have no food for her Cant spare a man to watch her Cant let her go Shell bring Mance Rayders army down on us It needs to be done Want me to do it?
jon;Season 2;No No, Ill do it
qhorin;Season 2;Come, brothers Well leave him to it Well meet you at the top Dont take too long Were deep in their country now
ygritte;Season 2;You never killed a woman before, did you? You dont need to do it Mance would take you I know he would Theres secret ways The crows would never catch us
jon;Season 2;Im as much a crow as they are
ygritte;Season 2;Will you burn me? After?
jon;Season 2;Cant Someone might see the smoke
ygritte;Season 2;Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or Ill come back and haunt you Thats cold Go on Be quick about it
ygritte;Season 2;Do it Bastard, do it
ygritte;Season 2;You cant do it We both know it
ygritte;Season 2;The suns going down, Jon Snow And your friends are nowhere close
jon;Season 2;Ill find them
ygritte;Season 2;Call for them Go on Call loudly A shoreline at Kings Landing In a skiff crowded with people, MYRCELLA sit down, looking back at the shore Th blesses her travels
high septon;Season 2;May the Seven guide the princess on her journey May the Mother give her health May the crone give her wisdom May the warrior give her courage
cersei;Season 2;One day I pray you love someone I pray you love her so much, when you close your eyes, you see her face I want that for you I want you to know what its like to love someone, to truly love someone Before I take her from you
joffrey;Season 2;You sound like a little cat mewling for his mother Princes dont cry
snsa;Season 2;I saw you cry
joffrey;Season 2;Did you say something, my lady?
sansa;Season 2;My little brother cried when I left Winterfell
joffrey;Season 2;So?
sansa;Season 2;It seems a normal thing
joffrey;Season 2;Is your little brother a prince?
sansa;Season 2;No
joffrey;Season 2;Not really relevant then, is it? Come, dog
man;Season 2;Hail Joffrey! Hail to the King Seven blessings on you, Your Grace
man;Season 2;Murderer! Bastard
man;Season 2;All hail the King
man;Season 2;Hes no king
man;Season 2;Hes a bastard
man;Season 2;Please, Your Grace, were hungry
man;Season 2;Freak
tyrion;Season 2;Get the Prince back to the Keep now
guard;Season 2;Yes, my lord Come, quickly
woman;Season 2;Please, Your Grace, give us some food
man;Season 2;Bread, Your Grace, please
joffrey;Season 2;Who threw that? I want the man who threw that Find who did that and bring him to me
guard;Season 2;Hold on
guard;Season 2;Hold them back
joffrey;Season 2;Just kill them! Kill them all
tyrion;Season 2;Move Move
guard;Season 2;Pull back
man;Season 2;Tear him to pieces
joffrey;Season 2;What are you doing? I want these people executed
sandor;Season 2;And they want the same for you
tyrion;Season 2;Wheres Sansa?
guard;Season 2;Through the door
guard;Season 2;Come on
guard;Season 2;Push hard
meryn;Season 2;Protect the king
guard;Season 2;Get back
guard;Season 2;Fall back! Keep him safe
guard;Season 2;Come in! Come in
cuard;Season 2;Keep him safe
crowd;Season 2;Motherfucker! Brotherfucker
guard;Season 2;Watch out Hold them back
guard;Season 2;Come on
man;Season 2;Hey
joffrey;Season 2;Traitors! Ill have all their heads
tyrion;Season 2;You blind, bloody fool
joffrey;Season 2;You cant insult me
tyrion;Season 2;Weve had vicious kings and weve had idiot kings, but I dont know if weve ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king
joffrey;Season 2;You cant
tyrion;Season 2;I can, I am
joffrey;Season 2;They attacked me
tyrion;Season 2;They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all? Theyre starving, you fool All because of a war you started
joffrey;Season 2;Youre talking to a king
tyrion;Season 2;And now Ive struck a king Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?
joffrey;Season 2;Let them have her
tyrion;Season 2;If she dies, youll never get your Uncle Jaime back You owe him quite a bit, you know
man;Season 2;Where are you going?
man;Season 2;You ever been fucked, little girl? Come here
tyrion;Season 2;Take some men and go and find the Stark girl
meryn;Season 2;I take my orders from the king
man;Season 2;Where? This way
sansa;Season 2;Please! No! No
man;Season 2;Please
sandor;Season 2;Youre all right now, little bird Youre all right
man;Season 2;Well get you
man;Season 2;Well get you
man;Season 2;This way
tyrion;Season 2;Are you hurt, my lady?
sandor;Season 2;The little birds bleeding Someone take her back to her cage See to that cut
tyrion;Season 2;Well done, Clegane
sandor;Season 2;I didnt do it for you
daenerys;Season 2;He shouldnt make me wait
xaro;Season 2;The Spice King is the second wealthiest man in Qarth He makes everyone wait Of course, you could have avoided this embarrassment if you married the wealthiest man in Qarth
daenerys;Season 2;I already have a husband
xaro;Season 2;Khal Drogo is gone, Khaleesi You are far too young to be a widow forever and far too beautiful
daenerys;Season 2;And you are far too smart to think that I will succumb to flattery
xaro;Season 2;I have traveled very far in my life and met many women, but none that are immune to flattery
spice king;Season 2;The Mother of Dragons
xaro;Season 2;Ah, here he comes
spice king;Season 2;Forgive me I had terrible dreams last night Terrible dreams I could not sleep until the sun was shining and the birds were singing Look what a beauty you are now the Red Waste has been washed off you I am sorry about all that unpleasantness The silver hair of a true Targaryen Xaro Xhoan Daxos, she is far too lovely for a glorified dockworker like yourself
xaro;Season 2;Very true, and yet they say that your grandfather, who sold pepper off the back of a wagon, married a lady far lovelier and higher born than himself
spice king;Season 2;Every lady alive was lovelier and higher born than my grandfather Did my servants not offer you something to eat, to drink? Ill have them flogged in the square
daenerys;Season 2;Thank you, my lord You are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want
spice king;Season 2;Oh, she has a talent for drama, this one So, my little princess, what is it you want?
daenerys;Season 2;My birthright The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros
spice king;Season 2;I fear Im no better than a servant in this regard I cannot give you what I do not have
daenerys;Season 2;Im not asking you for the kingdoms Im asking you for ships
spice king;Season 2;I need to cross the Narrow Sea I need my ships as well I use them, you see, to bring spices from one port to another
daenerys;Season 2;Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne
spice king;Season 2;Retake? Did you once sit on the Iron Throne?
daenerys;Season 2;My father sat there, before he was murdered
spice king;Season 2;But if you did not sit on it yourself, would it not be correct to say take the Iron Throne ?
daenerys;Season 2;I didnt come here to argue grammar
spice king;Season 2;Of course not You came to take my ships So let me explain my position, little princess Unlike you, I do not have exalted ancestors I make my living by trade And I judge every trade on its merits You ask for ships You say I shall be repaid triple I do not doubt your honesty or your intentions But before you repay your debts, you must seize the Seven Kingdoms Do you have an army?
daenerys;Season 2;Not yet
spice king;Season 2;You do not have an army Do you have powerful allies in Westeros?
daenerys;Season 2;There are many there that support my claim
spice king;Season 2;When were you there last?
daenerys;Season 2;I left when I was a baby
spice king;Season 2;So, in truth, you have no allies
daenerys;Season 2;The people will rise to fight for their rightful queen when I return
spice king;Season 2;Ah Forgive me, little princess, but I cannot make an investment based on wishes and dreams Now if youll pardon me
daenerys;Season 2;Do you know lllyrio Mopatis, Magister of Pentos? Yes, weve met
spice king;Season 2;A shrewd man
daenerys;Season 2;For my wedding, he gave me three petrified dragon eggs He believed The world believed that the ages had turned them to stone How many centuries has it been since dragons roamed the skies? But I dreamt that if I carried those eggs into a great fire, they would hatch When I stepped into the fire, my own people thought I was mad But when the fire burned out, I was unhurt, the Mother of Dragons
daenerys;Season 2;Do you understand? Im no ordinary woman My dreams come true
spice king;Season 2;I admire your passion But in business, I trust in logic, not passion Im sorry, little princess
daenerys;Season 2;I am not your little princess I am Daenerys Stormborn of the blood of Old Valyria, and I will take what is mine With fire and blood, I will take it
spice king;Season 2;Yes, my lady, but not with my ships , catching her in the act
tywin;Season 2;Who taught you to read?
arya;Season 2;My father, my lord
tywin;Season 2;Hmm I taught my son Jaime to read The maester came to me one day, told me he wasnt learning He couldnt make sense of the letters He reversed them in his head The maester said hed heard tell of this affliction and that we simply must accept it Ha! After that, I sat Jaime down for four hours every day until he learned He hated me for it, for a time For a long time But he learned Hmm Where is your father? Is he alive? Who was he?
arya;Season 2;A stonemason
twyin;Season 2;A stonemason who could read? Hmm
arya;Season 2;He taught himself
tywin;Season 2;Quite a man What killed him?
arya;Season 2;Loyalty
tywin;Season 2;Youre a sharp little thing, arent you?
arya;Season 2;Did Forgive me, my lord I shouldnt ask questions
tywin;Season 2;No But youve already begun
arya;Season 2;Did you know your father, my lord?
tywin;Season 2;I did I grew up with him I watched him grow old
tywin;Season 2;He loved us He was a good man, but a weak man A weak man who nearly destroyed our house and name Im cold
arya;Season 2;Ill fetch more wood for the fire, my lord
tywin;Season 2;Mmm
amory;Season 2;Where are you going, girl?
arya;Season 2;The armory, my lord
amory;Season 2;Why?
arya;Season 2;Lord Tywin sent me
amory;Season 2;What might this be?
arya;Season 2;Lord Tywin gave it to me
amory;Season 2;What for?
arya;Season 2;To take to the armory
amory;Season 2;Why would he do that? Lets go and ask him
amory;Season 2;Move! Get out of the way
arya;Season 2;Amory Lorch
jaqen;Season 2;A girl has named a second name A man will do what must be done
arya;Season 2;Now
jaqen;Season 2;A girl cannot tell a man when exactly he must do a thing A man cannot make a thing happen before its time
arya;Season 2;But hes going to tell Tywin Hes getting away It has to be now
tywin;Season 2;Guard
soldier;Season 2;Your Grace
soldier;Season 2;Your Grace
soldier;Season 2;My honor, Your Grace
soldier;Season 2;Your Grace
quent;Season 2;Your Grace
robb;Season 2;Quent
robb;Season 2;Lady Talisa
talisa;Season 2;Your Grace
robb;Season 2;Im not sure Im a lady
talisa;Season 2;Westerosi customs are still a bit foreign to me
robb;Season 2;Its hard to keep all the rules straight But if I remember my lessons, a woman of noble birth is always called a lady Unless shes a queen or a princess I could find someone who knows
talisa;Season 2;Why are you so sure Im of noble birth?
robb;Season 2;Because its obvious
talisa;Season 2;What if I told you my father sold lace on the Long Bridge, and my mother, my brother and I lived with him above our shop?
robb;Season 2;Id call you a liar
talisa;Season 2;Not very noble to accuse a lady of dishonesty
talisa;Season 2;I always thought I was a brilliant liar
robb;Season 2;Better at amputations, Im afraid
robb;Season 2;Quite a pretty spot
talisa;Season 2;Will we be here long?
robb;Season 2;I couldnt really discuss troop movements with you
talisa;Season 2;Im not a spy
robb;Season 2;Of course, a spy would deny being a spy
talisa;Season 2;Youre right Youve found me out Im writing a letter to the Lannisters The young wolf is on the move Perhaps youd join me If youve got time, of course, for
well catelyn;Season 2;Robb
robb;Season 2;Mother Mother, this is Lady Talisa Shes been helping with the wounded Shes been very helpful
catelyin;Season 2;Lady Talisa
talisa;Season 2;Lady Stark
catelyn;Season 2;Lady Talisa
talisa;Season 2;Maegyr
catelyn;Season 2;Maegyr? Forgive me, I do not know this name
talisa;Season 2;An uncommon name here An old name in Volantis Excuse me, my lady Your Grace
robb;Season 2;Ive missed you
catelyn;Season 2;Yes, you look positively forlorn
robb;Season 2;You surprised me, thats all I didnt think Id see you today
catelyn;Season 2;I wish that you were free to follow your heart
robb;Season 2;I know
catelyn;Season 2;You have inherited your fathers responsibilities Im afraid they come at a cost You are promised to another
robb;Season 2;I know
catelyn;Season 2;A debt that must be paid
robb;Season 2;I havent forgotten
roose;Season 2;Your Grace My lady News from Winterfell
ygritte;Season 2;Your brothers desert you? I can tell you which way to go
jon;Season 2;Well stop here Too dark to go any farther today
ygritte;Season 2;Here? Theres no shelter here
jon;Season 2;Theres no shelter anywhere
ygritte;Season 2;There is if you know where to look The cold could kill us both If you light a fire
jon;Season 2;No fire
ygritte;Season 2;But a fire is
jon;Season 2;No fire
ygritte;Season 2;Have it your way
ygritte;Season 2;Well stay warmer if we stay close
ygritte;Season 2;Bet you freeze to death before I do Bet your life
ygritte;Season 2;Think theyre out looking for you?
jon;Season 2;Yes
ygritte;Season 2;Think theyll find you?
jon;Season 2;Yes
ygritte;Season 2;Youre brave Stupid, but brave
jon;Season 2;We start again at first light Get some sleep
jon;Season 2;Stop moving
ygritte;Season 2;Im just trying to get comfortable
jon;Season 2;Stop it
jon;Season 2;Youre still moving
ygritte;Season 2;Was I? I didnt notice that time
robb;Season 2;This cannot be true
roose;Season 2;Weve had ravens from White Harbor, Barrowton and the Dreadfort Im afraid it is true
robb;Season 2;Why?
why would theon roose;Season 2;Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores
robb;Season 2;My brothers?
roose;Season 2;Weve heard nothing of them But Rodrik Cassel is dead
catelyn;Season 2;I told you, never trust a Greyjoy
robb;Season 2;I must go north at once
roose;Season 2;Theres still a war to win, Your Grace
robb;Season 2;How can I call myself king if I cant hold my own castle? How can I ask men to follow me if I cant
roose;Season 2;You are a king And that means you dont have to do everything yourself
catelyn;Season 2;Let me go and talk to Theon
robb;Season 2;There will be no talk He will die for this
roose;Season 2;Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon We have the Lannisters on the run If you march all the way back north now, youll lose what you gained My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theons head
robb;Season 2;Tell your son Bran and Rickons safety is paramount And Theon, I want him brought to me alive I want to look him in the eye and ask him why And then Ill take his head myself
theon;Season 2;Why on earth would I trust the word of a lying little savage like you?
osha;Season 2;Im no liar
theon;Season 2;All wildlings are liars and savages with no loyalty to anything or anyone
osha;Season 2;I done what I had to do to stay alive I hate the Starks as well as you do Let me serve you, my lord
theon;Season 2;How? And dont tell me to put a spear in your hand
osha;Season 2;There are other ways to serve, my lord
theon;Season 2;Im a prince now, and youd do well
ahsa;Season 2;There are other ways to serve, my prince
theon;Season 2;Like what?
osha;Season 2;We know things, the free people
theon;Season 2;You know things? Like what? How to eat dirt?
osha;Season 2;Other things
osha;Season 2;Savage things
theon;Season 2;Wait outside
theon;Season 2;I always wondered what you had under there
osha;Season 2;It comes at a price
theon;Season 2;Im not killing you Thats your price
osha;Season 2;I already had that
theon;Season 2;What do you want then, other than your miserable life?
ahsa;Season 2;What all free people want My freedom
theon;Season 2;Well, you shall have it, then But only if you serve me well
sansa;Season 2;Ow
shae;Season 2;Shh Its not deep
sansa;Season 2;I thought they were going to kill me
shae;Season 2;They thought so, too
sansa;Season 2;He hated me, the man who hit me I saw it in his eyes Hated me He never met me before, but he wanted to hurt me
shae;Season 2;Of course he did
sansa;Season 2;Why? Why would a stranger
shae;Season 2;You are everything he will never have Your horse eats better than his children It doesnt matter now Hes dead
sansa;Season 2;I would have given them bread if I had it I hate the king more than any of them
shae;Season 2;Dont say these things If the wrong people hear you
sansa;Season 2;But youre not the wrong people
shae;Season 2;Dont trust anybody Life is safer that way
guard;Season 2;And where are you going?
osha;Season 2;I have something for you from Prince Theon
guard;Season 2;What?
osha;Season 2;Me He says Im to make the rounds And keep you warm
daenerys;Season 2;The Spice King refuses me because Im a bad investment The Silk King wont support me because of his business with the Lannisters Why offend his best customer? And the Copper King offers me a single ship on the condition that I lie with him for a night Does he think I will whore myself for a boat?
xaro;Season 2;When I came to this city, I had nothing Truly nothing I slept by the docks And when I could find work loading the ships, I would eat If not, I dreamed of food Today, I am the richest man in Qarth Do you think the path from poverty to wealth is always pure and honorable? I have done many things, Khaleesi, that a righteous man would condemn And here I am, with no regrets
xaro;Season 2;Bar the gates Ring the bells Slowly, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 2;W h e r e a r e t h e y ? W h e r e a r e m y d r a g o n s ?
theon;Season 2;A cripple? You let a cripple escape? The boy cant walk, but somehow he slipped past you?
black lorren;Season 2;The giant must have took him
theon;Season 2;The giant? Hodor? Oh, thats all right, then You let a halfwit escape with a cripple And Rickon, too? The little one?
black lorren;Season 2;Gone, along with the wildling woman The one you were fucking
theon;Season 2;Right Get the horses and the hounds
man;Season 2;Come on, find the scent Where they going?
dagmer;Season 2;Halt
theon;Season 2;Enjoying your first hunt?
luwin;Season 2;So far, hunting seems very similar to riding, my lord
theon;Season 2;With hunting, theres blood at the end
luwin;Season 2;Theyre little boys
theon;Season 2;I was a little boy when I was torn away from my home and brought here So I kept my word I never ran away If I find them soon enough, I wont hurt them Well, Ill hurt them, but I wont kill them
luwin;Season 2;Those boys are of far more value to you alive than dead
theon;Season 2;They have no value to me missing
luwin;Season 2;Robb will have sent a force to retake Winterfell by now
theon;Season 2;Robbs in the Riverlands My sisters in Deepwood Motte Shell get here long before they do And Ned Stark always said 500 men could hold Winterfell again 10,000
man;Season 2;We have a scent
theon;Season 2;The hounds have the scent Come, Maester, dont look so grim Its all just a game
osha;Season 2;We should have took more food
bran;Season 2;We couldnt risk going to the kitchens
osha;Season 2;Those people all love you They would have given you whatever you needed
bran;Season 2;And if Theon found out, hed hang them
osha;Season 2;The boy cant survive on walnuts
rickon;Season 2;Im fine
osha;Season 2;Weve been walking since before sunrise Eve will tire
hodor;Season 2;Hodor
osha;Season 2;Even you, sweet giant
hodor;Season 2;Hodor
bran;Season 2;Wait, I know that farm I sent those two Winterfell orphans there
rickon;Season 2;Jack and Billy Theyll give us some food
bran;Season 2;We cant risk it If Theon tracks us here, hell torture them until he finds out where we are
rikon;Season 2;Billy climbs a tree better than anyone
osha;Season 2;Youve never seen me climb a tree, little man
bran;Season 2;Theyll be after us with hounds
osha;Season 2;We got a good start on them, but we cant outrun hounds forever
ygritte;Season 2;Did you pull a knife on me in the night?
ygritte;Season 2;Whats the matter? Cant be the first time you pressed your bone against a womans arse
jon;Season 2;Lets move
ygritte;Season 2;It is the first time How old are you, boy?
jon;Season 2;Im a man of the Nights Watch
ygritte;Season 2;Youre a boy whos never been with a girl Dont your stones start to hurt if your bone never gets
jon;Season 2;Dont call them that
ygritte;Season 2;What, stones? Or bone?
jon;Season 2;Neither Both
jon;Season 2;Move
ygritte;Season 2;I heard they get all swollen and bruised if you dont use them Of course, maybe thats just what the lads say when they want me feeling sorry for them As if Id feel sorry for them Are there no girl crows?
jon;Season 2;There are no women of the Nights Watch, no
ygritte;Season 2;So the lads just do it with each other?
jon;Season 2;No
ygritte;Season 2;Never?
jon;Season 2;Never We swore an oath
ygritte;Season 2;You have sheep at the Wall? With your hands, then? No wonder youre all so miserable
jon;Season 2;Would you please shut up?
ygritte;Season 2;Would you please shut up? You think youre better than me, crow Im a free woman
jon;Season 2;Youre a free woman? I might be your prisoner, but Im a free woman
jon;Season 2;If youre my prisoner, youre not a free woman Thats what prisoner means
ygritte;Season 2;And you think youre free? You swore some stupid oath and now you can never touch a girl
jon;Season 2;It was my choice to say the words
ygritte;Season 2;So you dont like girls?
jon;Season 2;Of course I like girls But you chose never to touch them
jon;Season 2;Thats the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Nights Watch
ygritte;Season 2;So instead of getting naked with a girl, youd prefer to invade our lands
jon;Season 2;Invade your lands? Wildlings raid our lands all the time Some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy
ygritte;Season 2;Yheyre not your lands! Weve been here the whole time You lot came along and just put up a big wall and said it was yours
jon;Season 2;My father was Ned Stark I have the blood of the First Men My ancestors lived here, same as yours
ygritte;Season 2;So why are you fighting us?
man;Season 2;Go on Now I want you to tell me what happened Come on, this way Come on, speak up Speak up
tywin;Season 2;Wolfsbane A rare substance This is no common assassin
mountian;Season 2;We hanged 20 men last night
tywin;Season 2;I dont care if you hanged 100 A man tried to kill me I want his name and I want his head
mountain;Season 2;We think it was an infiltrator from the Brotherhood Without Banners
tywin;Season 2;Pretentious name for a band of outlaws We cant allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity We look like fools and they look like heroes Thats how kings fall I want them dead, every one
mountain;Season 2;Killing them isnt the problem Its finding them Have you gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence
twyin;Season 2;Burn the villages, burn the farms Let them know what it means to choose the wrong side
tywin;Season 2;Mmm Is that mutton?
arya;Season 2;Yes, my lord
tywin;Season 2;Dont like mutton
arya;Season 2;Ill bring something else
tywin;Season 2;Leave it Are you hungry?
arya;Season 2;No
tywin;Season 2;Of course you are Eat
arya;Season 2;Ill eat in the kitchen later
tywin;Season 2;Its bad manners to refuse a lords offer Sit Eat
tywin;Season 2;Youre small for your age I suppose youve been underfed your whole life
arya;Season 2;I eat a lot I just dont grow
tywin;Season 2;Mmm This will be my last war Win or lose
arya;Season 2;Have you ever lost before?
tywin;Season 2;Do you think Id be in my position if I had lost a war?
tywin;Season 2;But this is the one Ill be remembered for The War of Five Kings, theyre calling it My legacy will be determined in the coming months
tywin;Season 2;Do you know what legacy means? Its what you pass down to your children and your childrens children Its what remains of you when youre gone Harren the Black thought this castle would be his legacy The greatest fortress ever built The tallest towers, the strongest walls The Great Hall had 35 hearths Thirty-five Can you imagine? Look at it now A blasted ruin Do you know what happened?
arya;Season 2;Dragons?
tywin;Season 2;Yes Dragons happened
tywin;Season 2;Harrenhal was built to withstand an attack from the land A million men could have marched on these walls, and a million men would have been repelled But an attack from the air with dragon fire Mmm-mmm Harren and all his sons roasted alive within these walls Aegon Targaryen changed the rules Thats why every child alive still knows his name
arya;Season 2;Aegon and his sisters
tywin;Season 2;Mmm?
arya;Season 2;It wasnt just Aegon riding his dragon It was Rhaenys and Visenya, too
tywin;Season 2;Correct A student of history, are you?
arya;Season 2;Rhaenys rode Meraxes Visenya rode Vhagar
tywin;Season 2;Im sure I knew that when I was a boy
arya;Season 2;Visenya Targaryen was a great warrior She had a Valyrian steel sword she called Dark Sister
tywin;Season 2;Hmm Shes a heroine of yours, I take it?
tywin;Season 2;Arent most girls more interested in the pretty maidens from the songs? Jonquil with the flowers in her hair?
arya;Season 2;Most girls are idiots
tywin;Season 2;You remind me of my daughter Where did you learn all this stuff about Visenya and her Valyrian steel sword?
arya;Season 2;From my father
tywin;Season 2;He was a well-read stonemason Cant say Ive ever met a literate stonemason
arya;Season 2;Have you met many stonemasons, my lord?
tywin;Season 2;Careful now, girl I enjoy you, but be careful Take that back to the kitchen Eat what you want
tywin;Season 2;And, girl
tywin;Season 2;Mlord
tywin;Season 2;Lowborn girls say mlord, not my lord If youre going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly
arya;Season 2;My mother served Lady Dustin for many years, my lord She taught me how to speak proper Properly
tywin;Season 2;Youre too smart for your own good Has anyone told you that?
arya;Season 2;Yes
tywin;Season 2;Go on
sansa;Season 2;I beg pardon, ser I should have come to you after to thank you for saving me You were so brave
sandor;Season 2;Brave? A dog doesnt need courage to chase off rats
sansa;Season 2;Does it give you joy to scare people?
sandor;Season 2;No, it gives me joy to kill people
sandor;Season 2;Spare me You cant tell me Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell never killed a man
sansa;Season 2;It was his duty He never liked it
sandor;Season 2;Is that what he told you? He lied Killing is the sweetest thing there is
sansa;Season 2;Why are you always so hateful?
sandor;Season 2;Youll be glad of the hateful things I do someday when youre queen and Im all that stands between you and your beloved king
xaro;Season 2;Ive demanded a meeting of the Thirteen One of them did this or knows who did
daenerys;Season 2;You are one of the Thirteen
xaro;Season 2;If I wanted your dragons, I would have taken them They mean nothing to me on their own
daenerys;Season 2;Nothing? Theyre more valuable than anything in the world
xaro;Season 2;Shall we look inside my vault and see what selling your dragons would buy me I cannot buy already? We will get them back
daenerys;Season 2;There is no we, so why would you help me get them back?
xaro;Season 2;I took you under my protection in front of the rulers of my city A man is what others say he is and no more If they say that Xaro Xhoan Daxos is a liar, my word is worth nothing I cannot let this thing happen to you under my roof
daenerys;Season 2;But it did happen under your roof
xaro;Season 2;Khaleesi, many times in my life
daenerys;Season 2;I dont care where youve been
ygritte;Season 2;You think were savages because we dont live in stone castles We cant make steel as good as yours, its true, but Were free If someone tried to tell us we couldnt lie down as man and woman, wed shove a spear up his arse We dont go serving some shit king whos only king because his father was
jon;Season 2;No No, you serve Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall
ygritte;Season 2;We chose Mance Rayder to lead us He was a crow, same as you, but he wanted to be free You could be free, too You dont need to live your whole life taking commands from old men Wake up when you want to wake up I could show you the streams to fish, the woods to hunt Build yourself a cabin and find a woman to lie with in the night
ygritte;Season 2;Youre a pretty lad The girls would claw each others eyes out to get naked with you
jon;Season 2;Walk
ygritte;Season 2;I could teach you how to do it
jon;Season 2;I know how to do it
ygritte;Season 2;You know nothing, Jon Snow
robb;Season 2;And what did she say?
alton;Season 2;She admired your spirit, Your Grace
robb;Season 2;And what then?
she robb;Season 2;If every man were held accountable for the actions of every distant relative, Ser Alton, wed all hang
alton;Season 2;She tore the paper in half, Your Grace
robb;Season 2;Youve acted with honor I thank you for it Lord Karstark, see that Ser Altons pen is clean, and give him a hot supper
rickard kar;Season 2;Ser Altons pen is occupied, Your Grace The prisoners from the Yellow Fork
roose;Season 2;Too many prisoners
robb;Season 2;Is there room for Ser Alton?
rickard kar;Season 2;Does he need to lie down?
robb;Season 2;Have the men build him a new pen Put him in with the Kingslayer for now Have your boy watch over them
rickard kar;Season 2;Torrhen
robb;Season 2;That will be all
talisa;Season 2;Your Grace A minute of your time?
talisa;Season 2;Ive been treating your wounded men
robb;Season 2;And my enemies, as some of my bannermen are fond of mentioning
talisa;Season 2;Theyre not my enemies
robb;Season 2;Thats what I tell my bannermen
talisa;Season 2;Ive already run through the supplies I brought with me Some are easily replaced Egg yolks, turpentine, oil of roses But some are not I need silk for stitching I need fennel root for those with fever, willow bark Mostly I need milk of the poppy You saw what it was like to amputate a foot without any I assume there will be more loss of limb before this war is over
robb;Season 2;If you need help finding these
talisa;Season 2;I know where to find them Im sorry, I shouldnt interrupt you
robb;Season 2;Continue, my lady
talisa;Season 2;Youre riding to the Crag to negotiate a surrender?
robb;Season 2;Yes
talisa;Season 2;The Crag will have a maester and he will have what I need
robb;Season 2;I expect he will
talisa;Season 2;If I could write a list
robb;Season 2;Come with me to the Crag
talisa;Season 2;I dont think that will be
robb;Season 2;Let the maester show you his stores I want the wounded men to be treated well, all the wounded men
woman;Season 2;Children, come inside, quick Come on
child;Season 2;Hurry up
man;Season 2;Cant find anything, ser Theyve lost the scent
theon;Season 2;Try again
man;Season 2;Weve circled this farmhouse twice Theres no sign of them
luwin;Season 2;We could start the search fresh in the morning, my lord
theon;Season 2;Im looking at spending the rest of my life being treated like a fool and a eunuch by my own people Ask yourself, is there anything I wouldnt do to stop that from happening? The hounds will find the scent again Ill beat them until they do Ill whip every man here until I have both those boys in hand And once Ive got them, the pampered little shits Its better to be cruel than weak
man;Season 2;Prince Theon
theon;Season 2;Where are they?
winterfell shepherd;Season 2;Who, mlord?
theon;Season 2;The Stark boys Where are they?
winterfell shepherd;Season 2;I dont know I seen no one
theon;Season 2;Think harder
winterfell shepherd;Season 2;I swear, mlord I dont know
dagmer;Season 2;My lord, over here I think Ive found what were looking for
dagmer;Season 2;Send the old man home
theon;Season 2;Go back to Winterfell Take him back
luwin;Season 2;Theon, dont do this
daenerys;Season 2;You came back
jorah;Season 2;As soon as I heard Do you know anything?
daenerys;Season 2;Irri is dead
jorah;Season 2;I know She was a good
daenerys;Season 2;Shes dead She died alone She died for me and I couldnt protect her
jorah;Season 2;Doreah?
daenerys;Season 2;We cant find her She must be dead, too I led my people out of the Red Waste and into the slaughterhouse
jorah;Season 2;I should have been here
daenerys;Season 2;You went to find me a ship
jorah;Season 2;My place is by your side I shouldnt have left you alone with these people
daenerys;Season 2;These people ?
jorah;Season 2;They are not to be trusted
daenerys;Season 2;And who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one, my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it had got him the crown The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse
jorah;Season 2;Your people are in Westeros
daenerys;Season 2;The people in Westeros dont know Im alive
jorah;Season 2;They will soon enough
daenerys;Season 2;And then what? Theyll pray for my return? Theyll wave dragon banners and shout my name? Thats what my brother believed and he was a fool
daenerys;Season 2;You are not your brother
jorah;Season 2;Trust me, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 2;There it is Trust me And its you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I dont need trust any longer I dont want it and I dont have room for it
jorah;Season 2;You are too young to be so
daenerys;Season 2;And you are too familiar
jorah;Season 2;Forgive me, Khaleesi No one can survive in this world without help No one Let me help you, please Tell me how
daenerys;Season 2;Find my dragons
ygritte;Season 2;How long till we get back to your crows?
jon;Season 2;Were close
ygritte;Season 2;What, a day? A half-day? You dont know, do you? Do you even know where they are?
jon;Season 2;Were close
ygritte;Season 2;What do you think theyll say when they hear about you and me?
jon;Season 2;Nothing happened between you and me
ygritte;Season 2;I swear it, Old Master King Crow, ser, we were only close together for warmth And then I felt it, right up against me backside like a club I can show you the bruise on me tailbone And before I knew what was where, his his Well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like And I didnt want to want it, but oh, I did! And he spread me legs and ruined The shame of it Now I can never marry a perfumed lord What will me poor savage father say?
jon;Season 2;Turn back around
ygritte;Season 2;And I thought that we were done, but he said, Turn back around Ill tell you what, Jon Snow Since its gonna be your word against mine, and since you cant talk about it without blushing, we may as well just
jon;Season 2;What, right here in the muck?
ygritte;Season 2;Ill keep you warm enough
ygritte;Season 2;Are you that afraid of it?
jon;Season 2;Thats enough
ygritte;Season 2;Its nice and wet and warm
jon;Season 2;Enough
ygritte;Season 2;It dont have teeth
ygritte;Season 2;All right! All right Gods, youre dull
ygritte;Season 2;Should have took me while you had the chance
sansa;Season 2;No, no
sansa;Season 2;No Oh, no
shae;Season 2;Its all right Give me that
sansa;Season 2;If the Queen sees, I can have Joffreys children now
shae;Season 2;Help me flip it over
shae;Season 2;Where are you going?
handmaiden;Season 2;To tell Her Grace
shae;Season 2;Youll say nothing to anyone Do you understand?
cersei;Season 2;Your mother might have prepared you You flowered, my dear No more
sansa;Season 2;My mother told me, but I thought it would be different
cersei;Season 2;In what way?
sansa;Season 2;I thought it would be less Less messy
cersei;Season 2;Wait until you birth a child
cersei;Season 2;Youre a woman now Do you have any idea what that means?
sansa;Season 2;Im fit to bear children for the king?
cersei;Season 2;A prospect that once delighted you, bringing little princes and princesses into the world, the greatest honor for a queen
cersei;Season 2;Joffrey has always been difficult Even his birth, I labored a day and a half to bring him into this world You cannot imagine the pain I screamed so loudly, I was sure Robert would hear me in the Kingswood
sansa;Season 2;His Grace was not with you?
cersei;Season 2;Robert was hunting That was his custom Whenever my time was near, my royal husband would flee to the trees with his huntsmen and his hounds And when he returned, he would present me with some pelts or a stags head, and I would present him with a baby Not that I wanted him there, mind you I had Grand Maester Pycelle, an army of midwives, and I had my brother When they told Jaime he wasnt allowed in the birthing room, he smiled and asked which one of them proposed to keep him out Joffrey will show you no such devotion
cersei;Season 2;You may never love the king, but you will love his children
sansa;Season 2;I love His Grace with all my heart
cersei;Season 2;Thats so very touching to hear Permit me to share some womanly wisdom with you on this very special day The more people you love, the weaker you are Youll do things for them that you know you shouldnt do Youll act the fool to make them happy, to keep them safe Love no one but your children On that front, a mother has no choice
sansa;Season 2;But shouldnt I love Joffrey, Your Grace?
cersei;Season 2;You can try, little dove
cersei;Season 2;Who did you say your mother was again?
alton;Season 2;Cinda Lannister
jaime;Season 2;Is she the fat one?
alton;Season 2;Well, perhaps shes gotten a little larger than she
jaime;Season 2;No, no Theres only one fat Lannister If she was your mother, youd know it
alton;Season 2;I squired for you once, you know
jaime;Season 2;When?
alton;Season 2;The tournament, the day of Willem Freys wedding
jaime;Season 2;I went to Willem Freys wedding?
alton;Season 2;You did Your squire had gotten so drunk the night before that he threw up
jaime;Season 2;He threw up on his horse on the way to the tourney grounds What was his name?
alton;Season 2;Bryan
jaime;Season 2;Poor lad That was my brothers doing, I seem to recall I remember you Youd never squired for anyone before
alton;Season 2;Thats right I ran up and volunteered Let me, my lord Let me My father was furious Afraid Id embarrass our family in front of the Family
jaime;Season 2;You didnt, though
alton;Season 2;You really remember?
jaime;Season 2;You knew when you were needed and when to go away Its a rare talent Most of my squires, they mean well, but young men with big jobs, they tend to overdo them
alton;Season 2;When I think back to that day
guard;Season 2;Shh
jaime;Season 2;You were saying?
alton;Season 2;I Never mind Its embarrassing
jaime;Season 2;More embarrassing than being chained to a post covered in your own shit?
alton;Season 2;I remember everything about that day, your helmet, your horse, the rake lines in the dirt along the list, where the sun was in the sky when you knocked Balon from his horse, and the dent in your shield when you handed it back to me Ill remember it all until I die That was the best day of my life And I remember being on the field after it was over All the competitors were done I was the last one out there And I couldnt leave I couldnt bring myself to go and sit with my family at a table so far on the edge of the feast you could barely even see the bride And I couldnt bear to tell them what it had been like squiring for you, when I knew that they could never have the faintest idea what I was talking about
jaime;Season 2;I understand completely
alton;Season 2;How could you? Sorry, I I didnt mean to doubt you
jaime;Season 2;Its just that I I was 16 once I also had to replace someones squire on short notice
alton;Season 2;Which knight was it?
jaime;Season 2;Barristan Selmy The fight against the Kingswood Outlaws Before your time
alton;Season 2;What was he like?
jaime;Season 2;He was A painter A painter who only used red I couldnt imagine being able to fight like that, not back then And to help him do that, to be a part of something that perfect I dont need to explain how that felt, not to you
alton;Season 2;Its hard to put into words
jaime;Season 2;Its like stepping into a dream youve been dreaming for as long as you can remember, and finding out that the dream is more real than your life
alton;Season 2;Leaving that battlefield was like being dragged off to prison
alton;Season 2;Did you squire for him again?
jaime;Season 2;No I didnt have your gift He couldnt take a step without stepping on me I was awful, a complete liability Until one of the outlaws decided to take on a 16-year-old squire
jaime;Season 2;Its a good thing I am who I am Id have been useless at anything else Im not well-suited for imprisonment Shocking, I know Some men are Ned Stark, I imagine he made an excellent prisoner right up until the end Not me, though My life has left me uniquely unfit for constraint
alton;Season 2;And have you thought about
jaime;Season 2;Of course Every day
alton;Season 2;And?
jaime;Season 2;Good prisoners breed good jailers, apparently The Starks are very careful
jaime;Season 2;But there is a way, I think It wasnt possible until now
alton;Season 2;What is it?
jaime;Season 2;Its actually quite simple
alton;Season 2;Well, let me help you
jaime;Season 2;Youll only have to do one thing
alton;Season 2;Tell me
jaime;Season 2;Youll have to die
quaith;Season 2;Jorah the Andal This man must sail past old Valyria All who travel too close to the doom must have protection
jorah;Season 2;I didnt come here for lessons
quaith;Season 2;No, you came for the dragons
jorah;Season 2;You have them? Where are they?
quaith;Season 2;Draw your sword See what your steel is worth You want to please the Mother of Dragons
quaith;Season 2;You love her
jorah;Season 2;Where are the dragons?
quaith;Season 2;Will you betray her again, Jorah the Andal?
quaith;Season 2;Will you betray her again?
jorah;Season 2;Never
quaith;Season 2;The thief you seek is with her now
spice king;Season 2;I did not leave the comfort of my home to come to yours and be called a thief
xaro;Season 2;No one is calling you a thief Who is she to accuse us?
daenerys;Season 2;Please, theyre my children Im begging you
silk king;Season 2;Begging us? It wasnt very long ago you were threatening us
daenerys;Season 2;Without me, the dragons will die
spice king;Season 2;It will be for the best Your dragons will bring the world nothing but death and misery, my dear If I knew where they were, I would not tell you
pyat pree;Season 2;You are cruel, my friend The Mother of Dragons is in the right She must be reunited with her babies I will help you, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 2;How?
pyatt pree;Season 2;I will take you to the House of the Undying where I have put them
daenerys;Season 2;You have my dragons?
pyatt pree;Season 2;When I learned you were coming to our city, I made an arrangement with the King of Qarth He procured them for me
daenerys;Season 2;But there is no King of Qarth
xaro;Season 2;There is now That was the other half of the arrangement
xaro;Season 2;You would keep your gates and your minds closed to everything outside your walls, but Qarth cannot remain the greatest city that ever was if it refuses to change I will open Qarth to the world as I have forced it to open itself to me
spice king;Season 2;Your ambition is an inspiration But like all upstarts, you overreach Three dragons the size of cats and an alliance with a charlatan do not make you a king
xaro;Season 2;An upstart and a charlatan? Empires have been built by less Those on the margins often come to control the center, and those in the center make room for them, willingly or otherwise
pyatt pree;Season 2;The Mother of Dragons will be with her babies She will give them her love and they will thrive by her side, forever
pyatt pree;Season 2;A mother should be with her children
pyatt pree;Season 2;Where will you run to, Daenerys Stormborn? Your dragons wait for you in the House of the Undying Come see them
jacks;Season 2;Lady Stark
brienne;Season 2;No farther
jacks;Season 2;Keep your hands off me, woman
brienne;Season 2;Dont enter without an invitation, man
jacks;Season 2;Forgive me Lady Stark
catelyn;Season 2;What is it?
jacks;Season 2;They caught the Kingslayer
man;Season 2;Kingslayer
man;Season 2;Kill the fucking Kingslayer
man;Season 2;Hang him
man;Season 2;Hang him
man;Season 2;Youll die today
man;Season 2;Justice for the Karstark
man;Season 2;Gut him
rickard kar;Season 2;Get back! I want his head! Any man who stands between a father and his vengeance asks for death
catelyn;Season 2;Lord Karstark, this man is our prisoner
rickard;Season 2;This monster killed my son
catelyn;Season 2;And crippled mine He will answer for his crimes, I promise you, but not here
rickard kar;Season 2;I will have his head And if you try and stop me
catelyn;Season 2;You will strike me down? Have you forgotten me, ser? I am the widow of your liege, Lord Eddard Stark I am the mother of your king
rickard kar;Season 2;And where is our king now?
robb;Season 2;You know very well
rickard kar;Season 2;He has gone to the Crag to accept the surrender Aye, gone to the Crag, but not to negotiate He brought that foreign bitch with him
catelyn;Season 2;How dare you
brienne;Season 2;Threatening my lady is an act of treason
rickard kar;Season 2;Treason? How can it be treason to kill Lannisters?
catelyn;Season 2;I understand your grief, my lord, better than most, I understand it But in the name of my son, the King in the North, stand down
rickard kar;Season 2;When your son returns, I will demand this murderers head
catelyn;Season 2;Wise men do not make demands of kings
rickard kar;Season 2;Fathers who love their sons do I will have his head
jaime;Season 2;Thank you for fighting on my behalf, Lady Stark I would have come to your defense
but catelyn;Season 2;Take him to the stockades Bind him with every chain you can find
jaime;Season 2;Youve become a real she-wolf in your later years Theres not much fish left in you
catelyn;Season 2;And gag him
tyrion;Season 2;Since when do you light your own candles?
cersei;Season 2;Since I decided that I cant stand to look at any of my handmaidens for another instant
cersei;Season 2;How many times can you read one raven scroll?
tyrion;Season 2;Stannis Baratheons fleet has been spotted sailing north past Tarth, 200 ships
cersei;Season 2;More than we have
tyrion;Season 2;Yes, thats more than we have Hell be at our gates within five days, four if he has the wind
cersei;Season 2;We have strong, high walls Well rain fire down on them from above
tyrion;Season 2;Rain fire on them from above Youre quoting Father, arent you?
cersei;Season 2;Why not? He has a good mind for strategy, doesnt he?
tyrion;Season 2;Call it tactics, not strategy But, yes, he does have a good mind for it The best mind, some would say Sadly, hes not here Its just you, me and Joffrey, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm
cersei;Season 2;Im sure youll make a point eventually
tyrion;Season 2;He needs to start acting like a king This war you started is coming to our doorstep And if the entire city wants Joffrey dead
cersei;Season 2;Im not the one giving the boy whores to abuse
tyrion;Season 2;I thought the girls might help him
cersei;Season 2;Did you?
tyrion;Season 2;I was wrong If we cant control him
cersei;Season 2;Do you think I havent tried? He doesnt listen to me
tyrion;Season 2;Its hard to put a leash on a dog once youve put a crown on its head
cersei;Season 2;I always hoped hed be like Jaime He looks like him In a certain light
tyrion;Season 2;The boy is more Robert than Jaime
cersei;Season 2;Robert was a drunken fool, but he didnt enjoy cruelty Sometimes I wonder What? If this is the price for what weve done, for our sins
tyrion;Season 2;Sins?
cersei;Season 2;The Targaryens Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know Thats what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt Its what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me Half the Targaryens went mad, didnt they? Whats the saying? Every time a Targaryen is born, the Gods flip a coin
tyrion;Season 2;Youve beaten the odds Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them
man;Season 2;Then why wait?
man;Season 2;Were sworn to the king
man;Season 2;Theres not a king
man;Season 2;Thats treason
man;Season 2;So is saving Lannisters, yeah?
man;Season 2;Back off, you
man;Season 2;No, I wont
brienne;Season 2;Your son returns at dawn, my lady?
catelyn;Season 2;So they say
brienne;Season 2;ingslayer wont last the night The more they drink, the angrier theyll get And when the Karstarks draw their swords Who wants to die defending a Lannister?
catelyn;Season 2;Come
catelyn;Season 2;I need to be alone with him
guard;Season 2;My lady
our orders catelyn;Season 2;Your orders, which I just gave you, are to leave me alone with him
jaime;Season 2;Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe its my last night in this world Is that a woman?
catelyn;Season 2;Do you hear them out there? They want your head
jaime;Season 2;Old Lord Karstark doesnt seem to like me
catelyn;Season 2;You strangled his son with your chains
jaime;Season 2;Oh Oh Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way Any knight would have done the same
catelyn;Season 2;You are no knight You have forsaken every vow you ever took
jaime;Season 2;So many vows They make you swear and swear Defend the king, obey the king, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak But what if your father despises the king? What if the king massacres the innocent? Its too much No matter what you do, youre forsaking one vow or another Where did you find this beast?
catelyn;Season 2;She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer
jaime;Season 2;Kingslayer What a king he was Heres to Aerys Targaryen, the Second of His Name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back
catelyn;Season 2;You are a man without honor
jaime;Season 2;Do you know, Ive never been with any woman but Cersei So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned What was the name of that bastard he fathered?
catelyn;Season 2;Brienne
jaime;Season 2;No, that wasnt it Snow, a bastard from the North Now, when When good old Ned came home with some whores baby, did you pretend to love it? No Youre not very good at pretending Youre an honest woman You hated that boy, didnt you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman
catelyn;Season 2;Your sword
theon;Season 2;I told you what would happen All of you I told you what would happen if you served me loyally And what would happen if you did not
luwin;Season 2;What are you doing? What have you done?
theon;Season 2;If there are any who still question whether your new lord means what he says, here is the answer to your question
luwin;Season 2;No
man;Season 2;Riders approaching
mar;Season 2;Open the gate
yara;Season 2;Why, its the Prince of Winterfell
theon;Season 2;Envy isnt attractive
yara;Season 2;What envy?
theon;Season 2;You should be proud of your brothers achievement I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men
yara;Season 2;Youre a great warrior I saw the bodies above your gates Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
theon;Season 2;I treated the Stark boys with honor, and they repaid me with treachery
yara;Season 2;You treated them with honor? By butchering them?
theon;Season 2;Before I had to kill them, I treated them
yara;Season 2;You seized their home, as is your right Were ironborn, we take what we need
theon;Season 2;Exactly
yara;Season 2;Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away Is that treachery? Id call it bravery
theon;Season 2;They made me a promise
yara;Season 2;Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
theon;Season 2;Dont call me
yara;Season 2;A cunt A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell You know how valuable those boys were?
theon;Season 2;If I hadnt killed them, the Northerners would think me weak
yara;Season 2;You are weak And youre stupid
theon;Season 2;Im warning you
yara;Season 2;Go on, then Warn me
theon;Season 2;You havent brought enough men How am I supposed to defend Winterfell with just this lot?
yara;Season 2;Youre not Ive come to bring you home Father wants a word
theon;Season 2;Is this a joke? Winterfell is the heart of the North
yara;Season 2;Aye, it is, hundreds of miles from the sea Were islanders, baby brother Had you forgotten that? Our power comes from our ships And now that youve decorated your walls with the bodies of the Stark boys, every man in the North wants to see you hanged When Robb Stark finds out
theon;Season 2;He wont find out Weve killed all the ravens We have all the horses Ive taken Winterfell And I will keep Winterfell
yara;Season 2;Leave us
yara;Season 2;Theon, youre my blood We both loved our mother We both endured our father Come home with me Dont die here alone
theon;Season 2;I dont intend to die
yara;Season 2;You were a terrible baby, do you know that? Bawling all the time, never sleeping And one night, you just wouldnt shut up, screaming like a dying pig I walked over to your crib, I looked down at you I wanted to strangle you And you looked up at me and you stopped screaming You smiled at me Dont die so far from the sea
ygritte;Season 2;Ive brought you a present, Lord of Bones
lord of bones;Season 2;I already got one crow Dont need two
ygritte;Season 2;Mance will want to question this one Knows all about where the crows are and what theyre planning
lord of bones;Season 2;The Halfhand knows more This one is just a little boy Gut him
ygritte;Season 2;He could have killed me half a dozen times
lord of bones;Season 2;And now he wishes he did Gut him
ygritte;Season 2;Hes a bastard of Winterfell, Ned Starks son Mance will want him
lord of bones;Season 2;What does Mance want with a dead mans bastard?
ygritte;Season 2;I dont know I think hell want to decide for himself
lord of bones;Season 2;He runs, Ill chop his balls off
ygritte;Season 2;He runs, Ill do it meself
ygritte;Season 2;Were even now, Jon Snow
jon;Season 2;I couldnt do it I had the sword on her neck
i just couldnt qhorin;Season 2;I know
jon;Season 2;The others?
qhorin;Season 2;When you didnt come back, we went looking for you We found your tracks fast enough But they found us before we found you
jon;Season 2;They died because of me
qhorin;Season 2;See that it wasnt for nothing
wildling;Season 2;All right, up, lad
wildling;Season 2;Come on, on your feet, now Move it
talisa;Season 2;Is she beautiful?
robb;Season 2;Ive never met her
talisa;Season 2;Whats her name?
robb;Season 2;Frey, I suppose I dont know her first name
talisa;Season 2;Im sure youll be very happy
talisa;Season 2;And youre marrying her for a bridge?
robb;Season 2;An important bridge
talisa;Season 2;Ah
robb;Season 2;It was before they killed my father I still thought I could march south and rescue him in time, but only if I crossed that bridge
talisa;Season 2;When I speak to people from the North, they all loved your father
robb;Season 2;He was the best man I ever met I know children always think that about their fathers
but talisa;Season 2;Children do not always think that about their fathers, believe me
robb;Season 2;He once told me that being a lord is like being a father, except you have thousands of children and you worry about all of them The farmers plowing the fields are yours to protect The charwomen scrubbing the floors, yours to protect The soldiers you order into battle He told me he woke with fear in the morning and went to bed with fear in the night I didnt believe him I asked him, How can a man be brave if hes afraid? That is the only time a man can be brave, he told me
talisa;Season 2;I wish I could have met him
robb;Season 2;He would have liked you
talisa;Season 2;Most lords worry more about their gold and their glory than the charwomen scrubbing their floors
robb;Season 2;He didnt care much about gold or glory
talisa;Season 2;And you? You think Im fighting this war so theyll sing songs about me? I want to go home I want the men following me to go home
talisa;Season 2;Then why dont you?
robb;Season 2;Because well never be safe until the Lannisters are defeated And because I believe in justice
talisa;Season 2;Chopping off Joffreys head, you mean
robb;Season 2;That would be a start
rider;Season 2;Your Grace, milady ingslayer, he escaped in the night
robb;Season 2;How? How?
robb;Season 2;Tell me this isnt true
robb;Season 2;Why?
catelyn;Season 2;For the girls
robb;Season 2;You betrayed me
robb robb;Season 2;No! You knew I would not allow it and you did it anyway
catelyn;Season 2;Bran and Rickon are captives in Winterfell Sansa and Arya are captives in Kings Landing I have five children, and only one of them is free
rickard kar;Season 2;I lost one son fighting by your sons side I lost another to the Kingslayer, strangled with a chain You commit treason because your children are prisoners? I would carve out my heart and offer it to the Father, if he would let my sons wake from their graves and step into a prison cell
catelyn;Season 2;I grieve for your sons, my lord
rickard kar;Season 2;I dont want your grief I want my vengeance And you stole it from me
catelyn;Season 2;Killing Jaime Lannister would not buy life for your children, but returning him to Kings Landing may buy life for mine
robb;Season 2;Jaime Lannister has played you for a fool Youve weakened our position Youve brought discord into our camp And you did it all behind my back Make sure shes guarded day and night
catelyn;Season 2;Robb How many men did we send in pursuit of the Kingslayer?
soldier;Season 2;Forty, Your Grace
robb;Season 2;Send another 40 with our fastest horses
catelyn;Season 2;Robb
jaime;Season 2;Damn
jaime;Season 2;Youre much uglier in daylight Whats your name? Im Jaime Lannister of Casterly Rock, son of Tywin
jaime;Season 2;A captive knight has a right to know his captors identity
brienne;Season 2;Brienne of Tarth
jaime;Season 2;Tarth, Tarth, Tarth Crescent moons and starbursts Lord Selwyn Tarth Your father Do you have any brothers and sisters, my lady? Its a long way to Kings Landing Might as well get to know one another
jaime;Season 2;Have you known many men? I suppose not Women? Horses? Ah
jaime;Season 2;I didnt mean to give offense, my lady Forgive me
brinenne;Season 2;Your crimes are past forgiveness, Kingslayer
jaime;Season 2;Why do you hate me so much? Have I ever harmed you?
brinenne;Season 2;Youve harmed others, those you were sworn to protect, the weak, the innocent
jaime;Season 2;Has anyone ever told you youre as boring as you are ugly?
brinenne;Season 2;You will not provoke me to anger
jaime;Season 2;I already have Look at you Youre ready to chop my head off Do you think you could? Do you think you could beat me in a fair fight?
brinenne;Season 2;Ive never seen you fight
jaime;Season 2;The answer is no There are three men in the kingdoms who might have a chance against me Youre not one of them
brienne;Season 2;All my life men like you have sneered at me And all my life Ive been knocking men like you into the dust
jaime;Season 2;If youre so confident, unlock my chains Lets see what happens
brinenne;Season 2;Do you take me for an idiot? In
jaime;Season 2;I took you for a fighter, a man Pardon Woman of honor Was I wrong? Youre afraid
brinenne;Season 2;Maybe one day well find out, Kingslayer
kevan;Season 2;Kings Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force Its not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the court to ride west to safety
tywin;Season 2;Surrender the Iron Throne?
kevan;Season 2;Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates Stannis will execute them all
tywin;Season 2;No, a king who runs will not be king for long Hes a Lannister Hell stand and fight Stannis, two days from the capital and the wolf at my doorstep
kevan;Season 2;The scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark
tywin;Season 2;Ha! The last time the scouts assured us of Starks movement, he lured us into a trap Which is why my son is his prisoner
twyin;Season 2;Too close to Casterly Rock
kevan;Season 2;He sent a splinter force to recapture Winterfell The Greyjoys have done us a great favor Stark wont risk marching on Casterly Rock until hes at full force
tywin;Season 2;Hes a boy and hes never lost a battle Hell risk anything at any time because he doesnt know enough to be afraid
tywin;Season 2;Well ride at nightfall I want a full nights march before he knows were on the move Clegane, youll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal Track down this brotherhood and destroy them The girl has proven herself a good servant Shell stay on with you See that he doesnt get drunk in the evenings Hes poor company when hes sober, but hes better at his work
guard;Season 2;Youve got some questions to answer
man;Season 2;Who killed Ser Amory?
man;Season 2;I dont know! Please
man;Season 2;Give me the name Take this one out for the crows
man;Season 2;I told you, I dont know Please
rorge;Season 2;Look, its Yorens little cunt Used to be a boy, now its a girl
arya;Season 2;Wheres Jaqen?
rorge;Season 2;Dont care Wheres your stick now, bitch? I promised to fuck you with it
guard;Season 2;Come on, time to kill some wolves
hot pie;Season 2;You need sour cherries to make it right And the secret is you dry the stones, and then you break them with a mallet Thats where the real flavor is You crush em up real fine And then when youre finished, you sprinkle them over the piecrust
arya;Season 2;Wheres Jaqen?
hot pie;Season 2;How would I know?
arya;Season 2;I need him now Lord Tywins marching tonight
gendry;Season 2;You need him?
arya;Season 2;Hes helping me
hot pie;Season 2;I saw him
arya;Season 2;Where?
arya;Season 2;Where?
hot pie;Season 2;Ow
arya;Season 2;Where?
hot pie;Season 2;They went riding out the gates a few hours ago
hot pie;Season 2;On patrol Let go of my ears
hot pie;Season 2;What do you want with him anyway?
quorin;Season 2;Mance is gonna march on the Wall When he does, one brother inside his army will be worth 1,000 fighting against it
jon;Season 2;Theyll never trust me
quorin;Season 2;They might If you do what needs to be done
jon;Season 2;What?
quorin;Season 2;How does it feel knowing those men all died so you could skip through the snow with your little savage girl?
jon;Season 2;I didnt
quorin;Season 2;I should have known better, trusting a traitors bastard
lord of bones;Season 2;"Hes not yours to kill, crow TYRION; Do you have to do that here?"
bronn;Season 2;I like to keep me hands clean
tyrion;Season 2;Yes, but do you have to do it here?
tyrion;Season 2;You should start wearing the gold cloak
bronn;Season 2;I dont want to wear a gold cloak
tyrion;Season 2;Youre commander of the City Watch You shouldnt be dressed like a common
bronn;Season 2;A cloak slows you down in a fight Makes it hard to move quietly And the gold catches the light, so youre nice and easy to spot at night
tyrion;Season 2;Well, youre not sneaking through alleyways any longer Youre supposed to stand out
bronn;Season 2;We had a deal and wearing a gold cloak wasnt part of it
tyrion;Season 2;Fine, fine No gold cloak
tyrion;Season 2;What?
bronn;Season 2;What?
tyrion;Season 2;What? What? Why are you staring at me?
bronn;Season 2;You dont want me cleaning me nails You dont want me looking your way Why am I here?
tyrion;Season 2;To help me plan the defense of Kings Landing
tyrion;Season 2;Stannis will be here any day
bronn;Season 2;And one of these explains how to beat him?
tyrion;Season 2;An History of the Great Sieges of Westeros By Archmaester Shevelathin Shevelatesh
bronn;Season 2;Chevalteesh Id swap all your books for a few good archers
varys;Season 2;My Lord Hand Commander I must compliment you on the gold cloaks performance these last few weeks Did you know there has been a marked drop in thievery?
tyrion;Season 2;I did not know And how did you accomplish this marked drop in thievery?
bronn;Season 2;Me and the lads rounded up all the known thieves
tyrion;Season 2;For questioning?
bronn;Season 2;No Its just the unknown thieves we need to worry about now
tyrion;Season 2;We talked about this
bronn;Season 2;Aye, we talked about it Have you ever been in a city under siege? Maybe this parts not in your books See, its not the fighting that kills most people Its the starving Foods worth more than gold Noble ladies sell their diamonds for a sack of potatoes Things get bad enough, the poor start eating each other
bronn;Season 2;The thieves, they love a siege Soon as the gates are sealed, they steal all the food By the time its all over, theyre the richest men in town
varys;Season 2;Given the circumstances, my lord, I believe extreme measures are warranted
varys;Season 2;Ah The Great Sieges of Westeros Thrilling subject Shame Archmaester ChVyalthan wasnt a better writer
tyrion;Season 2;Stannis knows Kings Landing He knows where the walls are strongest, and he knows which gates are weakest The Mud Gate A good ram will batter it down in minutes, and its only 50 yards from the water Thats where hell land
varys;Season 2;And if Stannis does attack the Mud Gate, what is our plan?
bronn;Season 2;We could throw books at his men
varys;Season 2;We dont have that many books
bronn;Season 2;We dont have that many men, either
varys;Season 2;What do we have?
tyrion;Season 2;Pig shit
sam;Season 2;Im not cut out for this sort of work
eddison;Season 2;I always imagined meself doing something much worse
grenn;Season 2;Were digging latrine pits at the end of the world I cant imagine anything much worse
eddison;Season 2;You lack imagination
sam;Season 2;Where do you think Jon is right now?
eddision;Season 2;He went off with the Halfhand He didnt come back A betting man would go with dead
sam;Season 2;Hes not dead No, Jons a great fighter
grenn;Season 2;Well, hes better than me and a lot better than you
sam;Season 2;Hes got a Valyrian steel sword
eddision;Season 2;So did his father
sam;Season 2;And Qhorin Halfhand is the greatest ranger alive
eddison;Season 2;Great rangers never get old is the problem Shit ones neither Its them in the middle that last a long time
grenn;Season 2;What in seven hells is that?
sam;Season 2;The First Men made these marks Help me with it
grenn;Season 2;Look
eddision;Season 2;If you find something youre not supposed to, best thing to do is pretend youve never seen it
sam;Season 2;Thats a Nights Watch cloak
grenn;Season 2;Its been here a long time
sam;Season 2;Oh Must be dragonglass
grenn;Season 2;Dragonglass?
sam;Season 2;The maesters call it obsidian
grenn;Season 2;Why would a brother hide it here?
eddison;Season 2;I expect its cause he wanted somebody to find it
soldier;Season 2;Mind where youre going
arya;Season 2;Im sorry
ill arya;Season 2;Where were you?
jaqen;Season 2;A man has patrol duty
arya;Season 2;Tywin Lannister was right here, and now hes gone
jaqen;Season 2;A girl owes one more name The Red God demands it Give the man a name
arya;Season 2;How long after I give you the name does it take you to kill someone?
jaqen;Season 2;A minute, an hour, a month Death is certain, the time is not
arya;Season 2;Hes taking his army to attack my brother I need him dead right now
jaqen;Season 2;This a man cannot do
arya;Season 2;You promised youd help me
jaqen;Season 2;Help was not promised, lovely girl Only death There must be others Give a name, any name
arya;Season 2;And youll kill them? Anybody?
jaqen;Season 2;By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it
arya;Season 2;All right Jaqen Hghar
jaqen;Season 2;A girl gives a man his own name?
arya;Season 2;Thats right
jaqen;Season 2;Gods are not mocked This is no joking thing
arya;Season 2;Im not joking A man can go kill himself
jaqen;Season 2;Un-name me
arya;Season 2;No
jaqen;Season 2;Please?
arya;Season 2;Ill un-name you
jaqen;Season 2;Thank you
arya;Season 2;If you help me and my friends escape
jaqen;Season 2;This would require more than one life This is not part of our bargain
arya;Season 2;Fine, Jaqen Hghar
jaqen;Season 2;A girl lacks honor If I do this thing, a girl must obey
arya;Season 2;A girl will obey
jaqen;Season 2;A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight
tyrion;Season 2;Thank you, Podrick
cersei;Season 2;Odd little boy
tyrion;Season 2;I have a certain sympathy for odd little boys
cersei;Season 2;You and Varys both
tyrion;Season 2;Excellent lamprey pie Were you slaving away in the kitchen all day? I hear Joffrey plans on fighting An inspiration for the troops The young king in his shining armor fighting to defend the capital against the wicked old rebel
cersei;Season 2;Hes only a boy
tyrion;Season 2;Younger boys are off fighting his war
cersei;Season 2;Hes not ready
tyrion;Season 2;What is he, 17? Remember Jaime at 17?
cersei;Season 2;Better than you Some men have a gift for this sort of thing, some dont His place is not on the battlefield
tyrion;Season 2;Its not on the throne, either, sadly for all of us
cersei;Season 2;Do you think Im an idiot?
tyrion;Season 2;No, Id say you possess above-average intelligence
cersei;Season 2;You shipped off my only daughter And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die
tyrion;Season 2;Hell have his Kingsguard protecting him He has the finest armor gold can buy He needs to be out there The men will fight more fiercely seeing their king fighting beside them instead of hiding behind his mothers skirts Any dessert?
cersei;Season 2;Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
tyrion;Season 2;Because he has thousands of spies in his employ Because he knows everything we do before we do it
cersei;Season 2;Because he doesnt have a cock
tyrion;Season 2;Neither do you
cersei;Season 2;Perhaps Im dangerous, too You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man That little worm between your legs does half your thinking
tyrion;Season 2;Its not that little
tyrion;Season 2;Why are you smiling?
cersei;Season 2;Because Im happy
tyrion;Season 2;And why are you happy?
cersei;Season 2;Because I have your little whore
tyrion;Season 2;I thought you preferred blondes
cersei;Season 2;Such a droll little fellow Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good Father will be so pleased
tyrion;Season 2;Why do you care who I fuck?
cersei;Season 2;Because a Lannister always pays her debts You stole my only daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed
tyrion;Season 2;This is madness Stannis will be here in days You need me
cersei;Season 2;For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore Lovely body The bruises will heal in time
tyrion;Season 2;Where did you find her?
cersei;Season 2;Varys isnt the only one who hears whispers Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully
tyrion;Season 2;Youve forgotten the most important thing about whores
cersei;Season 2;Oh? Well, youre the expert Tell me
tyrion;Season 2;You dont buy them, you only rent them
cersei;Season 2;Youre usually a better liar, baby brother This one you like You like her very much Could it be love? Dont worry, shell be treated gently enough Unless Joffrey is hurt And then every wound he suffers, shell suffer, too And if he dies, there isnt a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt
tyrion;Season 2;And how do I know you havent killed her already?
cersei;Season 2;Would you like to see her? I thought you might Ser Mandon, bring in my brothers whore
tyrion;Season 2;Im sorry they hurt you You must be brave
tyrion;Season 2;I promise I will free you
whore;Season 2;Dont forget me
tyrion;Season 2;Never
tyrion;Season 2;I will hurt you for this A day will come when you think youre safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth And you will know the debt is paid
cersei;Season 2;Get out
tyrion;Season 2;Shae
shae;Season 2;Ive been waiting all night What is wrong?
tyrion;Season 2;Youre beautiful
shae;Season 2;Then why do you look sad?
tyrion;Season 2;We have to be more careful
shae;Season 2;Dont be afraid I can take care of myself
tyrion;Season 2;There are people who want to hurt me
shae;Season 2;I know I wont let them Ill cut off their faces I will
tyrion;Season 2;I would kill for you Do you know that? I expect Ill have to before this is over Youre mine
shae;Season 2;Im yours
tyrion;Season 2;Promise me
shae;Season 2;Im yours, and you are mine
robb;Season 2;Still no word?
roose;Season 2;Weve sent a dozen ravens None have returned My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell Once he captures the castle
robb;Season 2;Theon has my brothers If we storm the castle
roose;Season 2;He wouldnt dare hurt the boys Theyre his only hope of escaping the North with his head
robb;Season 2;Send word to your son Any ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes
roose;Season 2;A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace
too much robb;Season 2;Any ironborn with the exception of Theon Greyjoy He betrayed our cause He betrayed me And we will hunt him down no matter where he runs
roose;Season 2;I expect his countrymen will turn on him the minute they hear the offer
talisa;Season 2;Your pardon, my lord Your Grace
roose;Season 2;My lady
talisa;Season 2;How are you?
robb;Season 2;How am I? Ive had to arrest my mother The Lannisters have my sisters The man I considered my closest friend has seized my home and my brothers Im fighting a war and I dont know if I should march south or north
talisa;Season 2;Im sorry It was a stupid question Im sorry
robb;Season 2;No Forgive me Youre being kind I have no right
talisa;Season 2;You have every right Youre a king
robb;Season 2;Thats not the kind of king I want to be
talisa;Season 2;What kind do you want to be?
robb;Season 2;I dont know The good kind Most kings grew up as princes They spend their whole lives preparing for the crown I was raised to be Lord of Winterfell
talisa;Season 2;I was raised to be a proper little lady, to play the harp and dance the latest steps and recite Valyrian poetry
robb;Season 2;Id like to hear you play the harp
talisa;Season 2;No No, you would not
robb;Season 2;How did you go from reciting Valyrian poetry to sawing off mens feet?
talisa;Season 2;When I was 12, my mother and father went to a wedding Weddings in Volantis last for days, you know And they left me with my little brother The second afternoon they were gone was the hottest day in the three-year summer We couldnt bear to be inside, so we ran down to the Rhoyne Every child in Volantis was in the Rhoyne that day The rich, the poor, we were all there Naked, screaming, racing to the little islands Drummers were playing for coppers on the east bank I was treading water, talking to a friend, when I realized I hadnt seen my brother I called his name Then I started screaming his name And then I saw him floating face down My heart just stopped I was I dragged him from the water My friend helped me, I think I dont even remember He was so little Then we pulled him onto the riverbank And I screamed at him and I shook him And he was dead Just dead A man ran over He had a fish tattoo on his face In Volantis, the slaves have tattoos So you know what they are without having to talk to them And this man worked on a fishing boat And he pushed me out of the way You have to understand, for a slave to push a highborn girl, thats death for the man, a terrible death But he pushed me out of the way, and he started pressing on my brothers chest again and again and again, until my brother spat out half of the Rhoyne and cried out And the man cradled his head and told him to be calm I decided two things that day I would not waste my years planning dances and masquerades with the other noble ladies And when I came of age, I would never live in a slave city again Im sorry, Your Grace You told me of your problems and Ive blathered on
robb;Season 2;I dont want to marry the Frey girl
talisa;Season 2;I dont want you to marry her
robb;Season 2;But you needed that bridge I hope its a very beautiful bridge
hot pie;Season 2;The sour cherries was all crushed up and ready
gendry;Season 2;Shut up
hot pie;Season 2;Probably in the piecrust by now In the oven The nice, warm oven
ayra;Season 2;Shut up What did you bring?
hot pie;Season 2;The cheese could be better I did get some nice sausages GENDRY What did he want us to do about those guards?
arya;Season 2;He didnt say He just said, Walk through the gates
gendry;Season 2;What about the guards?
arya;Season 2;He didnt say anything about the guards
gendry;Season 2;What, he left that bit out? Its a pretty important part, dont you think?
arya;Season 2;We have to trust him
gendry;Season 2;Trust him? You trusted him to fight with us when you set him free and he ran
hot pie;Season 2;I want to go back to the kitchens
arya;Season 2;Shut up Stay here if youre afraid
gendry;Season 2;Arry, dont
man;Season 2;Away! Reset
davos;Season 2;If the wind holds, well reach Kings Landing in a day
stannis;Season 2;Will it hold?
davos;Season 2;Cant make promises for the wind, Your Grace
man;Season 2;Again, pull
stannis;Season 2;I admire you, Ser Davos
davos;Season 2;I thank you, Your Grace
stannis;Season 2;Pleased to hear it Some highborn fools call you Onion Knight and think they insult you So you take the onion for your sigil, sew it on your coat, fly the onion flag
davos;Season 2;My son wishes me to change it Three mermen with tridents, something like that I understand why the older families look down at me
stannis;Season 2;Do you? Why?
davos;Season 2;My father was a crabber
stannis;Season 2;And?
davos;Season 2;Well, sons of lords dont like to break bread with sons of crabbers Our hands stink
stannis;Season 2;And where were those lords when Storms End starved?
davos;Season 2;Many fought bravely for your brother Many fought for the Mad King
stannis;Season 2;You defend these men who insult you behind your back
davos;Season 2;Some are happy to do it to my face
stannis;Season 2;We were forgotten Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes The glorious rebels marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King, while I held Storms End with 500 men
davos;Season 2;No one has forgotten, Your Grace
stannis;Season 2;No? Robert did He gave Storms End to Renly after the war Renly never fought a day in his life
davos;Season 2;He was only a boy
stannis;Season 2;Then whyd he give him Storms End?
stannis;Season 2;First, we ate the horses We werent riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded We couldnt feed them, so fine, the horses Then the cats Never liked cats So fine I do like dogs Good animals Loyal But we ate them Then the rats The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying She couldnt speak anymore, she was so frail And then you made it through the lines Slipped right through in your little black sailboat with your onions
davos;Season 2;And potatoes Some salted beef, I believe
stannis;Season 2;Every man in Storms End wanted to kiss you that night
davos;Season 2;I was relieved they did not
stannis;Season 2;Robert told me to hold Storms End, so I held it Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up Insult or no, I gave it up Because Robert was my older brother, and he was the king and Ive always done my duty But now, Im the rightful king by every law of Westeros And when I sit the Iron Throne, youll be my Hand
davos;Season 2;Your Grace, I pray I serve you well
stannis;Season 2;I expect youll be the first crabbers son to wear the badge
joffrey;Season 2;Youre the Master of Whisperers Youre supposed to know everything
varys;Season 2;No man can be in all rooms at all times I have many little birds in the North, my lord, but I havent heard their songs since Theon Greyjoy captured Winterfell
joffrey;Season 2;The Stark forces are distracted Now is the time to strike
tyrion;Season 2;To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
joffrey;Season 2;If my Uncle Stannis lands on the shores of Kings Landing, Ill ride out to greet him
tyrion;Season 2;A brave choice, Your Grace Im sure your men will line up behind you
joffrey;Season 2;They say Stannis never smiles Ill give him a red smile from ear to ear
tyrion;Season 2;Imagine Stannis terror
varys;Season 2;I am trying
tyrion;Season 2;Youre an intelligent man Id like to think Im an intelligent man
varys;Season 2;Oh, no one disputes that, my lord, not even the multitudes who despise you
tyrion;Season 2;I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men
varys;Season 2;I wish we could, too
tyrion;Season 2;What do you want? Tell me
varys;Season 2;If were going to play, youll have to start
tyrion;Season 2;My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history My sister became queen at the age of 19 When I reached manhood, my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock
varys;Season 2;A most highborn plumber
tyrion;Season 2;The water never flowed better And all the shit found its way to the sea I never expected to have any real power So when my father named me acting Hand
varys;Season 2;Youre quite good at being Hand, you know? Jon Arryn and Ned Stark were good men Honorable men But they disdained the game and those who played You enjoy the game
tyrion;Season 2;I do Last thing I expected
varys;Season 2;And you play it well
tyrion;Season 2;Id like to keep playing it If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over
varys;Season 2;They say he burns his enemies alive to honor the Lord of Light
tyrion;Season 2;The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned, the Drowned God wants them drowned Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
varys;Season 2;In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with 16 teats
tyrion;Season 2;We should sail there immediately
varys;Season 2;This morning, I heard a song all the way from Qarth beyond the Red Waste Daenerys Targaryen lives
tyrion;Season 2;A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems
varys;Season 2;She has three dragons But even if what they say is true, itll be years before they are fully grown And then there will be nowhere to hide
tyrion;Season 2;One game at a time, my friend
jorah;Season 2;Careful, Khaleesi Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you I found one A ship with a good captain She leaves for Astapor tomorrow
daenerys;Season 2;Astapor?
jorah;Season 2;We cannot stay here
daenerys;Season 2;They have my dragons A mother does not flee without her children
jorah;Season 2;Theyre not your children I know they call you the Mother of Dragons and I know you love them, but you didnt grow them in your womb They didnt suckle at your breast They are dragons, Khaleesi And if we stay in Qarth, well die
daenerys;Season 2;You should sail to Astapor Im sure youll be safe there
jorah;Season 2;You know I would die for you I will never abandon you Im sworn to protect you, to serve
daenerys;Season 2;Then serve me If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there
jorah;Season 2;Thats what the warlock wants He told you so himself If you enter that place, you will never leave again His magic is strong
daenerys;Season 2;And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire You watched the witch burn What did the flames do to me? Do you remember?
jorah;Season 2;Until my last breath, I will remember After I have forgotten my mothers face
daenerys;Season 2;They are my children And they are the only children I will ever have Take me to them
theon;Season 2;We should bury them
dagmer;Season 2;Id leave em up a few more days Sends a message
theon;Season 2;If they havent got the damn message yet, a few more days wont help As you say But it dont hurt to let em rot a while longer
dagmer;Season 2;Whats this?
theon;Season 2;Gold for the farmer For his trouble
dagmer;Season 2;His troubles are done Hes feeding the crops now
dagmer;Season 2;His wife, too You want to keep a man silent, you silence him
osha;Season 2;Got as far as the farm and then doubled back Walked through the stream to throw off the hounds Hoped this would be the last place theyd think to look
luwin;Season 2;Youre right so far
osha;Season 2;Who was that out there hung up at the gates?
luwin;Season 2;Must have been the farmers boys
osha;Season 2;He killed them and burned them and passed them off as the little lords?
luwin;Season 2;They mustnt know Bran would blame himself
matthos;Season 2;Thats it The tides against us
davos;Season 2;Aye, but we have the wind Shell blow us straight to the gates
matthos;Season 2;Youre coming home
davos;Season 2;Kings Landing hasnt been home for 20 years I spent most of my life dodging the royal fleet And now Im sailing right at them
matthos;Season 2;This is the royal fleet And youre not a smuggler anymore, youre the high captain
davos;Season 2;Of course, there are several royal fleets at the moment
matthos;Season 2;Not after tonight When the sun rises, Stannis will sit on the Iron Throne and you will be his Hand
davos;Season 2;Gods be good
matthos;Season 2;God Father, there is only one and he watches over us
davos;Season 2;But not over them?
matthos;Season 2;Over all of us The people of Kings Landing did not choose the false king, Joffrey Baratheon They will be glad to see his head on a spike
davos;Season 2;Well, first, we have to put it there
matthos;Season 2;Our ships outnumber theirs 10-to-1
davos;Season 2;Our army outnumber theirs 5-to-1 Those walls have never been breached, and the men guarding the walls, when they see you, they dont see a liberator, they see a stranger come to set their city on fire
matthos;Season 2;I have faith in the Lord of Light I have faith in our cause And I have faith in my captain
shae;Season 2;Are you afraid, my lion?
tyrion;Season 2;If the city falls, Stannis will burn every Lannister he can find Of course Im afraid
shae;Season 2;I wont let them hurt you
tyrion;Season 2;Im a Lannister I dont have a choice in all this But its not your war
shae;Season 2;It is now
tyrion;Season 2;You cant fuck your way out of everything
shae;Season 2;I have so far Do you remember what you said when you met me in your tent? That I should make love to you like it was your last day on this earth
pycelle;Season 2;As you know, Your Grace, it is not only the sworn duty of a maester to carry out the wishes of the house he serves, but also to offer guidance and counsel in times of war
cersei;Season 2;Your words are always wise and measured
pycelle;Season 2;If you could If anything, a maesters duties become more urgent in times of war and turmoil I remember back in the days of King
cersei;Season 2;You brought me something?
pycelle;Season 2;Yes Essence of nightshade is as dangerous as it is efficacious A single drop in a cup of wine suffices to soothe ragged nerves Three drops will bring on a deep and dreamless sleep Ten drops
cersei;Season 2;I know what ten drops will bring
pycelle;Season 2;Your Grace, if I may ask
cersei;Season 2;You may not You must have a lot of work to do Im sure many brave men will need your wisdom soon
pycelle;Season 2;Yes A siege is very
ersei;Season 2;Be careful on the stairs, Grand Maester There are so many
pycelle;Season 2;Your Grace
men;Season 2;And so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep oer his halls With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep oer his halls And not a soul to hear
bronn;Season 2;To the boys
soldier;Season 2;Lannisters! Whered you learn the Lannister song?
bronn;Season 2;Drunk Lannisters
prostitute;Season 2;Youve got a pretty voice
bronn;Season 2;Thank you very much
prostitute;Season 2;And I like your nose How many times you break it?
bronn;Season 2;Well, now lets see First time, I was five My mam smacked me with an iron poker
prostitute;Season 2;Oh
bronn;Season 2;It wasnt me she was aiming at She was trying for my little brother Now he was a real pest
bronn;Season 2;Second time, I was nine Got in a scrap with a few older boys They won
third time bronn;Season 2;Eh, you dont want to know about the third time
prostitute;Season 2;Poor nose
bronn;Season 2;Dont feel sorry for him Hell be halfway up your arse before the nights through
bronn;Season 2;Welcome, friends This rounds on me
bronn;Season 2;I dont think he likes me
sandor;Season 2;You think youre a hard man?
bronn;Season 2;I know it
bronn;Season 2;Its warm in here Weve got beautiful women and good brown ale Plenty for everyone And all you want is to put one of us in the cold ground with no women to keep us company
sandor;Season 2;Oh, theres women in the ground I put some there myself So have you You like fucking and drinking and singing But killing, killings the thing you love Youre just like me
sandor;Season 2;Only smaller
bronn;Season 2;And quicker Eh?
sandor;Season 2;Your Lord Imps going to miss you
bronn;Season 2;Aye I expect he will someday
man;Season 2;Here we are
bronn;Season 2;One more drink before the war? Shall we?
int;Season 2;TYRIONS CHAMBERs
varys;Season 2;Ive always hated the bells They ring for horror A dead king, a city under siege
tyrion;Season 2;A wedding
varys;Season 2;Exactly Podrick, is that it?
tyrion;Season 2;Is that it? Nice touch As if you dont know the name of every boy in town
varys;Season 2;Im not entirely sure what youre suggesting
tyrion;Season 2;Im entirely sure youre entirely sure what Im suggesting
varys;Season 2;Do you trust him?
tyrion;Season 2;Oddly enough, I do
varys;Season 2;Good
varys;Season 2;The map you asked for
tyrion;Season 2;There must be 20 miles of tunnels beneath the city
varys;Season 2;Closer to 50 The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege and to provide escape if necessary
tyrion;Season 2;Im not escaping Strange as it sounds, Im the captain of the ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with her
varys;Season 2;That is good to hear Though Im sure many captains say the same while their ship is afloat You look well suited for battle, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;Well, Im not
varys;Season 2;For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a red priestess from Asshai
tyrion;Season 2;What of it?
varys;Season 2;You dont believe in the old powers, my lord?
tyrion;Season 2;Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting What do you think?
varys;Season 2;I think you believe in what you see and in what those you trust have seen You probably dont entirely trust me
tyrion;Season 2;Mmm, dont take it personally I dont entirely trust myself
varys;Season 2;And yet I have seen things and heard things, things you have not, things I wish I had not I dont believe Ive ever told you how I was cut
tyrion;Season 2;No, I dont believe you have
varys;Season 2;One day, I will The dark arts have provided Lord Stannis with his armies and paved his path to our door For a man in service to such powers to sit on the Iron Throne, I can think of nothing worse And tonight, I believe you are the only man who can stop him
matthos;Season 2;Theyre welcoming the new king
davos;Season 2;Ive never known bells to mean surrender They want to play music with us? Lets play Drums
matthos;Season 2;Drums
tyrion;Season 2;Remember, wait till the ships
bronn;Season 2;The ships are in the bay
tyrion;Season 2;They must be far enough in
bronn;Season 2;I know what in means Do you know how to use that?
tyrion;Season 2;I chopped wood once No, I watched my brother chopping wood
bronn;Season 2;I saw you kill a man with a shield Youll be unstoppable with an ax
bronn;Season 2;Dont get killed
tyrion;Season 2;Nor you, my friend
bronn;Season 2;Oh, are we friends now?
tyrion;Season 2;Of course we are Just because I pay you for your services doesnt diminish our friendship
bronn;Season 2;Enhances it, really
tyrion;Season 2;Oh! Enhances Fancy word for a sellsword
bronn;Season 2;Been spending time with fancy folks
tyrion;Season 2;Lady Sansa and Sheila
shae;Season 2;Shae
tyrion;Season 2;Shae, yes Surely my sister has asked you to join the other highborn ladies in Maegors holdfast
sansa;Season 2;She has, my lord, but King Joffrey sent for me to see him off
joffrey;Season 2;Sansa
tyrion;Season 2;Always been a great romantic, my nephew
joffrey;Season 2;Sansa, come here
sansa;Season 2;I will pray for your safe return, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;Will you?
sansa;Season 2;Just as I pray for the kings
tyrion;Season 2;Stay safe, my lady
shae;Season 2;And you, my lion
joffrey;Season 2;Your king rides forth to battle You should see him off with a kiss
joffrey;Season 2;My new blade Hearteater, Ive named it Kiss it
joffrey;Season 2;Youll kiss it again when I return and taste my uncles blood
sansa;Season 2;Will you slay him yourself?
joffrey;Season 2;If Stannis is fool enough to come near me
sansa;Season 2;So youll be outside the gates fighting in the vanguard?
joffrey;Season 2;A king doesnt discuss battle plans with stupid girls
sansa;Season 2;Im sorry, Your Grace Youre right, Im stupid Of course youll be in the vanguard They say my brother Robb always goes where the fighting is thickest And he is only a pretender
joffrey;Season 2;Your brothers turn will come Then you can lick his blood off Hearteater, too
shae;Season 2;Some of those boys will never come back
sansa;Season 2;Joffrey will The worst ones always live
shae;Season 2;Shh Come, my lady
lancel;Season 2;Wheres our fleet?
tyrion;Season 2;On the way
joffrey;Season 2;Why isnt it here now? Theyre coming
joffrey;Season 2;Hound, tell the Hand that his king has asked him a question
sandor;Season 2;The king has asked you a question
tyrion;Season 2;Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the king that the Hand is extremely busy
lancel;Season 2;The Hand of the King would like me to tell you to tell the king
joffrey;Season 2;If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, hell do it without a second thought
tyrion;Season 2;That would make me the quarterman It just doesnt have the same ring to it Cut me in half and I wont be able to give the signal No signal, no plan No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere It might be quite amusing, except that my head would be up there, too Ive never much liked my head, but I dont want to see it removed just yet
davos;Season 2;Where are their ships?
matthos;Season 2;It was wise to attack at night We took them by surprise
davos;Season 2;Lord Varys knows what you had for breakfast three days ago There are no surprises here
matthos;Season 2;If its true there is dissension in their ranks, maybe their sailors have mutinied
davos;Season 2;Maybe
sansa;Season 2;I dont know why she wants me here Shes always saying how stupid I am She hates me
shae;Season 2;Maybe she hates you less than she hates everyone else
sansa;Season 2;I doubt it
shae;Season 2;Maybe shes jealous of you
sansa;Season 2;Why would she be jealous?
cersei;Season 2;Sansa
cersei;Season 2;I was wondering where our little dove had flown You look pale, child Is your red flower still blooming?
sansa;Season 2;Yes
cersei;Season 2;Fitting, isnt it? The men will bleed out there and you will bleed in here Pour Lady Sansa some wine
shae;Season 2;Im not thirsty, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;So? I didnt offer you water Whats he doing here?
cersei;Season 2;Ser llyn? Hes here to defend us When the axes smash down those doors, you may be glad to have him
sansa;Season 2;But we have guards to defend us
cersei;Season 2;Guards we have paid Should the city fall, theyll be the first ones out of the doors
gold cloack;Season 2;The lads caught a groom and two maids trying to sneak away with a stolen horse and some gold cups
cersei;Season 2;The battles first traitors Have Ser llyn see to them Put their heads on spikes outside the stables as a warning
cersei;Season 2;The only way to keep the small folk loyal is to make certain they fear you more than they do the enemy Remember that if you ever hope to become a queen
sansa;Season 2;You said he was here to protect us
cersei;Season 2;He is Traitors are a danger to us all More wine
joffrey;Season 2;There they are
tyrion;Season 2;Archers to their marks
soldier;Season 2;Archers, to your marks
soldier;Season 2;Archers! Nock your arrows
soldier;Season 2;Nock arrows
tyrion;Season 2;Hold fast
soldier;Season 2;Hold fast
joffrey;Season 2;What are you doing? We need to attack them
tyrion;Season 2;Hold fast
soldier;Season 2;Boulders ready
soldier;Season 2;Hold fast
joffrey;Season 2;Theres only one ship Where are the rest of them? Where are the rest of them?
matthos;Season 2;Theres only one ship
davos;Season 2;Archers, stand to! Man the below! Nock
man;Season 2;Nock and set
davos;Season 2;Draw! Hold
man;Season 2;Hold
davos;Season 2;Theres no one on board
man;Season 2;More rocks coming up
man;Season 2;Hold
davos;Season 2;Wildfire Steer clear! Steer clear! The flaming arrow soars ove s boat and hits the wildfire in the water, which erupts in green flame The flames crawl towards the ghost ship
davos;Season 2;Matthos! Get down! The explosion engulfs the fleet Meet scream in agony, devoured in green flame, some jumping overboard The immensity of the explosion is stunning Chaos ensues on board as the ships collapse
stannis;Season 2;Prepare to land
soldier;Season 2;Your Grace
stannis;Season 2;The dwarf has played his little trick
soldier;Season 2;The wildfire
stannis;Season 2;He can only play it once
soldier;Season 2;Were too far from the gates The fire, their archers Hundreds will die
stannis;Season 2;Thousands
stannis;Season 2;Come with me and take this city
cersei;Season 2;Sansa, come here, little dove
sansa;Season 2;My queen What are you doing? Praying
cersei;Season 2;Youre perfect, arent you?
sansa;Season 2;Praying
cersei;Season 2;What are you praying for?
sansa;Season 2;For the gods to have mercy on us all
cersei;Season 2;Oh On all of us?
sansa;Season 2;Yes, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;Even me?
sansa;Season 2;Of course, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;Even Joffrey?
sansa;Season 2;Joffrey is my
cersei;Season 2;Oh, shut up, you little fool Praying to the gods to have mercy on us all The gods have no mercy Thats why theyre gods My father told me that when he caught me praying My mother had just died, you see I didnt really understand the concept of death, the finality of it I thought that if I prayed very, very hard, the gods would return my mother to me I was four
sansa;Season 2;Your father doesnt believe in the gods?
cersei;Season 2;He believes in them, he just doesnt like them very much
cersei;Season 2;One for her
cersei;Season 2;Here Sit Drink
cersei;Season 2;Not like that Drink, girl
cersei;Season 2;I should have been born a man Id rather face a thousand swords than be shut up inside with this flock of frightened hens
sansa;Season 2;They are your guests under your protection You asked them here
cersei;Season 2;It was expected of me, as it will be of you if you ever become Joffreys queen If my wretched brother should somehow prevail, these hens will return to their cocks and crow of how my courage inspired them, lifted their spirits
sansa;Season 2;And if the city should fall?
cersei;Season 2;Youd like that, wouldnt you? The Red Keep should hold for a time, long enough for me to go to the walls and yield to Lord Stannis in person If it were anyone else outside those gates, I might have hoped for a private audience, but this is Stannis Baratheon Id have a better chance of seducing his horse
cersei;Season 2;Have I shocked you, little dove? Tears arent a womans only weapon The best ones between your legs Learn how to use it Drink
cersei;Season 2;Do you have any notion of what happens when a city is sacked? No, you wouldnt, would you? If the city falls, these fine women should be in for a bit of a rape Half of them will have bastards in their bellies come the morning Youll be glad of your red flower then When a mans blood is up, anything with tits looks good A precious thing like you will look very, very good A slice of cake just waiting to be eaten
man;Season 2;More pressure! Pull! Pull! Thats it, men! Pull! Pull
tyrion;Season 2;Hes a serious man, Stannis Baratheon
joffrey;Season 2;Theyre coming Theyre coming ashore
tyrion;Season 2;Rain fire on them
man;Season 2;Archers
joffrey;Season 2;There are too many
tyrion;Season 2;Hound, form a welcome party for any Baratheon troop that manages to touch solid ground Pod, run to the Kings Gate Bring any men guarding it here, now
podrick;Season 2;Yes, my lord
sandor;Season 2;Lets go Stannis is sending us fresh meat You, too
sandor;Season 2;Any of these flaming fucking arrows come near me, Ill strangle you with your own guts
men;Season 2;Pull, pull! Go
soldier;Season 2;Nock! Draw
men;Season 2;Draw! Draw
men;Season 2;Kill the Lannisters
men;Season 2;Loose! Loose
man;Season 2;Form the line
men;Season 2;Draw! Draw! Loose! Loose
stannis;Season 2;To the Mud Gate, go now
men;Season 2;First and second squads, to the gate! To the Mud Gate
sandor;Season 2;Any man dies with a clean sword, Ill rape his fucking corpse He and LANCEL engage with the sieging forces They each cut down a number of Baratheon men before LANCEL is struck in the chest by an arrow He stumbles and screams Panting, he retreats
cersel;Season 2;When we were young, Jaime and I, we looked so much alike even our father couldnt tell us apart I could never understand why they treated us differently Jaime was taught to fight with sword and lance and mace, and I was taught to smile and sing and please He was heir to Casterly Rock, and I was sold to some stranger like a horse to be ridden whenever he desired
sansa;Season 2;You were Roberts queen
cersei;Season 2;And you will be Joffreys Enjoy I dont think I know this one
cersei;Season 2;Pretty
cersei;Season 2;Thats the worst curtsy Ive ever seen Here, its not difficult I mastered it when I was four Straighten your back and bend
cersei;Season 2;Better You learn fast How long have you been in Lady Sansas service?
shae;Season 2;A few weeks, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;When did you leave Lorath?
cersei;Season 2;I had a Lorathi handmaiden once
cersei;Season 2;But she was a noblemans daughter Youre not When did you come to Westeros?
shae;Season 2;Ten years ago, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;From Lorathi commoner to the Red Keep in 10 years, all without learning how to curtsy I imagine thats a very interesting story Whats your name?
shae;Season 2;Shae, Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;Tell us a story, Shae
shae;Season 2;When I was 13
i lancel;Season 2;Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;What news?
lancel;Season 2;The Imp has set the river afire Hundreds of ships are burning, maybe more Stannis fleet destroyed, but But But his troops have landed outside the city walls
cersei;Season 2;Where is Joffrey?
lancel;Season 2;On the battlements with Lord Tyrion
cersei;Season 2;Bring him back inside at once
lancel;Season 2;Your Grace
cersei;Season 2;What?
lancel;Season 2;The kings presence is good for morale
cersei;Season 2;Bring him back to his chambers now
lancel;Season 2;Not here?
cersei;Season 2;With the women and children? Do you want him to be mocked as a coward for the rest of his life?
lancel;Season 2;No
cersei;Season 2;Now
cersei;Season 2;When I told you about Ser llyn earlier, I lied Do you want to hear the truth? You want to know why hes really here? Hes here for us Stannis may take the city, he may take the throne, but he will not take us alive
man;Season 2;Help me
man;Season 2;Fall back! Fall back
stannis;Season 2;Get the ladders up
man;Season 2;Faster, you bastards! Faster! Come on, kill the scum
sandor;Season 2;Someone bring me a drink
sandor;Season 2;Fuck the water Bring me wine
tyrion;Season 2;Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?
sandor;Season 2;Eat shit, dwarf
tyrion;Season 2;Youre on the wrong side of the wall
sandor;Season 2;I lost half my men The Blackwaters on fire
joffrey;Season 2;Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight
tyrion;Season 2;Youre Kingsguard, Clegane You must beat them back or theyre going to take this city Your kings city
sandor;Season 2;Fuck the Kingsguard Fuck the city Fuck the king
man;Season 2;Loose
man;Season 2;Put your backs into it
man;Season 2;All right, get up
man;Season 2;Loose
man;Season 2;Clear
man;Season 2;Forward
man;Season 2;Loose
man;Season 2;Forward ladders
men;Season 2;Heave! Heave
lancel;Season 2;Your Grace, the queen has sent me to bring you back to the Red Keep
tyrion;Season 2;If you wont defend your own city, why should they?
joffrey;Season 2;What would you have me do?
tyrion;Season 2;Lead Get down there and lead your people against the invaders who want to kill them
joffrey;Season 2;What did my mother say exactly? Did she have urgent business with me?
lancel;Season 2;She did not say, Your Grace
man;Season 2;All men to the battlements
joffrey;Season 2;Ser Boros, Ser Mandon, stay with my uncle and represent the king on the field of battle
man;Season 2;Archers, hold your line or Ill kill you myself
man;Season 2;Stand fast
man;Season 2;No! Get up, you fool
man;Season 2;We need more arrows
man;Season 2;Where is the king? Why isnt he with us?
man;Season 2;Who are we fighting for?
man;Season 2;Who leads us?
tyrion;Season 2;Ill lead the attack Ill lead the attack
man;Season 2;Yes
man;Season 2;What are you talking about?
tyrion;Season 2;Pod, my helmet Ser Mandon, you will bear the kings banner Men, form up Men Men! They say Im half a man But what does that make the lot of you?
man;Season 2;The only way out is through the gates And theyre at the gates
tyrion;Season 2;Theres another way out Im going to show you Well come out behind them and fuck them in their arses
men;Season 2;Heave! Heave
tyrion;Season 2;Dont fight for your king and dont fight for his kingdoms Dont fight for honor Dont fight for glory Dont fight for riches, because you wont get any This is your city Stannis means to sack Thats your gate hes ramming If he gets in, it will be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he will rape
men;Season 2;Heave! Heave! Heave
tyrion;Season 2;Those are brave men knocking at our door Lets go kill them
lancel;Season 2;The battle is lost, Your Grace Stannis troops are at the gates When the gold cloaks saw the king leaving, they lost all heart
cersei;Season 2;Where is my son?
lancel;Season 2;I want to escort him back to the battle
cersei;Season 2;Why do I care what you want?
bring me lancel;Season 2;Now listen to me
sansa;Season 2;Dont be afraid The queen has raised the drawbridge This is the safest place we can be Joffreys not hurt Hes fighting bravely His knights have rallied behind him They will save the city Shall we sing a hymn? Gentle mother, fount of mercy.
all;Season 2;Save our sons from war
we pray shae;Season 2;You must go Run to your chamber and bar your door Stannis wont hurt you This one will
sansa;Season 2;Come with me
shae;Season 2;I need to say goodbye to someone
sansa;Season 2;The queen said theyd rape everyone
shae;Season 2;No one is raping me
shae;Season 2;Go Run
sandor;Season 2;The lady is starting to panic
sansa;Season 2;What are you doing here?
sandor;Season 2;Not here for long Im going
sansa;Season 2;Where?
sandor;Season 2;Someplace that isnt burning North, might be Could be
sansa;Season 2;What about the king?
sandor;Season 2;He can die just fine on his own
sandor;Season 2;I can take you with me Take you to Winterfell
sandor;Season 2;Ill keep you safe Do you want to go home?
sansa;Season 2;Ill be safe here Stannis wont hurt me
sandor;Season 2;Look at me Stannis is a killer The Lannisters are killers Your father was a killer Your brother is a killer Your sons will be killers someday The world is built by killers So youd better get used to looking at them
sansa;Season 2;You wont hurt me
sandor;Season 2;No, little bird, I wont hurt you
men;Season 2;Heave
man;Season 2;Come on, you bastards! Get up those ladders
tyrion;Season 2;Attack
men;Season 2;Roll it over
all;Season 2;Halfman! Halfman! Halfman
tyrion;Season 2;Oh, fuck me
cersei;Season 2;Shh! Be calm, my sweet
tommen;Season 2;Theyre still fighting
cersei;Season 2;No ones going to hurt you Ill tell you a story You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub? They lived in the woods
tommen;Season 2;ingswood?
cersei;Season 2;Yes, my love In the Kingswood, there lived a mother and her cub She loved him very much But there were other things that lived in the woods Evil things
tommen;Season 2;Like what?
cersei;Season 2;Like stags
tommen;Season 2;Stags arent evil They only eat grass
cersei;Season 2;And wolves
podrick;Season 2;My lord
cersel;Season 2;He could hear them howling in the night The little cub was frightened His mother said, You are a lion, my son You mustnt be afraid
cersei;Season 2;For one day, all the beasts will bow to you You will be king All the stags will bow All the wolves will bow The bears in the north and the foxes of the south, all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea, they will all come to you, little lion, to rest a crown upon your head
cersei;Season 2;And the cub said, Will I be strong and fierce like my father?
cersei;Season 2;Yes, said his mother You will be strong and fierce just like your father
cersei;Season 2;I will keep you safe, my love I promise you
man;Season 2;Back to the boats
stannis;Season 2;Stand and fight! Stand and fight, damn you
stannis;Season 2;No
cersei;Season 2;Father
tywin;Season 2;The battle is over We have won
male singer;Season 2;And who are you, the proud lord said That I must bow so low? Only a cat of a different coat Thats all the truth I know In a coat of gold or a coat of red A lion still has claws And mine are long and sharp, my lord As long and sharp as yours And so he spoke, and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep oer his hall With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep oer his hall And not a soul to hear
tyrion;Season 2;Pod
tyrion;Season 2;Pod! Find Bronn or Varys Tell them I am here with Maester Pycelle Tell them I am very much alive
podrick;Season 2;Yes, my lord
pycelle;Season 2;Would you like something for the pain?
tyrion;Season 2;What happened?
pycelle;Season 2;The murderer and traitor Stannis Baratheon suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of your father
tyrion;Season 2;Where am I?
pycelle;Season 2;These are your new chambers A little cramped, perhaps, but you dont need much room, do you? You are no longer Hand of the King
pycelle;Season 2;Oh, For your trouble
joffrey;Season 2;I, Joffrey of the House Baratheon, first of my name, the rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, do hereby proclaim my grandfather, Tywin Lannister, the savior of the city and the Hand of the King
tywin;Season 2;Thank you, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 2;Lord Petyr Baelish, step forward
joffrey;Season 2;For your good service and ingenuity in uniting the Houses of Lannister and Tyrell, I declare that you shall be granted the castle of Harrenhal with all its attendant lands and incomes to be held by your sons and grandsons from this day until the end of time
littlefinger;Season 2;You honor me beyond words, Your Grace I shall have to acquire some sons and grandsons
the crowd laughs joffrey;Season 2;Ser Loras Tyrell
jofffrey;Season 2;Your house has come to our aid The whole realm is in your debt, none more so than I If your family would ask anything of me, ask it, and it shall be yours
loras;Season 2;Your Grace, my sister Margaery, her husband was taken from us before She remains innocent I would ask you to find it in your heart to do us the great honor of joining our houses
joffrey;Season 2;Is this what you want, Lady Margaery?
margaery;Season 2;With all my heart, Your Grace I have come to love you from afar Tales of your courage and wisdom have never been far from my ears And those tales have taken root deep inside of me
joffrey;Season 2;I, too, have heard tales of your beauty and grace, but the tales do not do you justice, my lady It would be an honor to return your love, but I am promised to another A king must keep his word
cersei;Season 2;Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would be neither proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside
crowd;Season 2;Margaery! We want Margaery
joffrey;Season 2;I would like to heed your wishes and the wishes of my people, but I took a holy vow
pycelle;Season 2;Your Grace, the gods do indeed hold betrothal solemn, but your father, blessed be his memory, made this pact before the Starks revealed their falseness I have consulted with the High Septon and he assures me that their crimes against the realm free you from any promise you have made to them in the sight of the gods
joffrey;Season 2;The gods are good I am free to heed my heart Ser Loras, I will gladly wed your sweet sister You will be my queen and I will love you from this day until my last day
littlefinger;Season 2;My lady My sincerest condolences
sansa;Season 2;Theyre right Im not good enough for him
littlefinger;Season 2;You shouldnt say that Youll be good enough for many things Hell still enjoy beating you And now that youre a woman, hell be able to enjoy you in other ways as well
sansa;Season 2;But, if hes not marrying me
littlefinger;Season 2;Hell let you go home? Joffreys not the sort of boy who gives away his toys You have a tender heart, just like your mother did at your age I can see so much of her in you She was like a sister to me For her sake, Ill help get you home
sansa;Season 2;Kings Landing is my home now
littlefinger;Season 2;Look around you Were all liars here And every one of us is better than you
ros;Season 2;Come in Make yourself comfortable
ros;Season 2;That doesnt look very comfortable Here, watch me
varys;Season 2;No need for that, my dear
ros;Season 2;You sure? Most men like what they see
varys;Season 2;Im not like most men
ros;Season 2;Thats what most men say
ros;Season 2;If you dont want what most men want, then youd better tell me what youd like me to do
varys;Season 2;I would like you to tell me if working for Lord Baelish has been all youd hoped it would be
ros;Season 2;Have we met?
varys;Season 2;You wouldnt remember me if we had?
ros;Season 2;I meet a lot of men
varys;Season 2;And I think you remember all of them I think your true talents are wasted on them
ros;Season 2;Youre very kind, my lord Allow me to return the favor
varys;Season 2;Youre afraid Why? Nothing dangerous down there
ros;Season 2;I know who you are
varys;Season 2;And, unlike your current employer, I protect those who work for me I dont abuse them to satisfy royal whims or force them to abuse each other
ros;Season 2;How do you know about that?
varys;Season 2;I thought you said you knew who I was
ros;Season 2;What can I do for you, Lord Varys?
varys;Season 2;Littlefinger looks at you and sees a collection of profitable holes I see a potential partner
ros;Season 2;Im afraid of him
varys;Season 2;Oh, you should be Hes a dangerous man But everyone has their weaknesses Your current employer hides his very well, but not as well as he thinks
jaime;Season 2;Youre a virgin, I take it?
brienne;Season 2;Walk
jaime;Season 2;Childhood must have been awful for you Were you a foot taller than all the boys? They laughed at you, called you names? Some boys like a challenge One or two must have tried to get inside Big Brienne
brienne;Season 2;One or two tried
jaime;Season 2;Ah But you fought them off But maybe you wished one of them could overpower you, fling you down, tear off your clothes But none of them were strong enough Im strong enough
brienne;Season 2;Not interested
jaime;Season 2;Of course you are Youd love to know what it feels like to be a woman
jaime;Season 2;Ah They lay with lions Tavern girls, Id say Probably served my fathers soldiers Maybe one of them gave up a kiss and a feel Thats how they earned this The glorious work of the Northern freedom fighters Must make you proud to serve the Starks
brienne;Season 2;I dont serve the Starks I serve Lady Catelyn
jaime;Season 2;Tell yourself that tonight when they swing in your dreams
jaime;Season 2;What are you doing?
brienne;Season 2;Burying them
jaime;Season 2;We shouldnt stay here We should get back on the river
brienne;Season 2;I think these women would understand if I dont care what you think
man;Season 2;I didnt leave it here
man;Season 2;I had me dagger
jaime;Season 2;Untie me Now
man;Season 2;I gave it to you to cut the rope, and now I dont have me dagger no more
man;Season 2;So unless it got stuck in your arse on its way to your cunt, it stands to reason that its gone Whoa Whats your business here?
brienne;Season 2;Traveling a prisoner
man;Season 2;Youre a woman A woman
man;Season 2;Well, fuck me
brienne;Season 2;If youve quite finished up
brienne;Season 2;All right, well be going
man;Season 2;Whoa Whoa! Who do you fight for?
brienne;Season 2;The Starks MAN 2 What did he do?
jaime;Season 2;Apparently eating is now a crime Who knew?
brienne;Season 2;No, stealing is a crime
jaime;Season 2;But its not a crime to starve Thats justice for you
man;Season 2;Where are you taking him?
brienne;Season 2;To Riverrun
man;Season 2;Why Riverrun?
brienne;Season 2;Steal from the Tullys, its their dungeons you rot in
man;Season 2;Why not kill him?
jaime;Season 2;For stealing a pig?
brienne;Season 2;I dont give the orders He must be important to someone
man;Season 2;Sending him with you? How important could he be?
man;Season 2;All right, have it your way, my lady
man;Season 2;Do I know you?
jaime;Season 2;Have you been to Ashemark?
man;Season 2;No
jaime;Season 2;Then you dont know me
man;Season 2;Do you ever go to the river market at Salt Rock?
jaime;Season 2;Is it near Ashemark?
man;Season 2;No
jaime;Season 2;Ive never been there
man;Season 2;What do you think of these beauties?
brienne;Season 2;I hope you gave them quick deaths
man;Season 2;Two of them we did, yeah
man;Season 2;Wait I do know you Thats Jaime Lannister
jaime;Season 2;I wish someone had told me I wouldnt have had to steal that pig
brienne;Season 2;If this is the Kingslayer, I think Id know about it
man;Season 2;How do you know what the Kingslayer looks like?
man;Season 2;I was at Whispering Wood I saw him They dragged him out of the woods and threw him down before the king
brienne;Season 2;Hes not the Kingslayer Sorry to disappoint you If he was, Id only be traveling his head
man;Season 2;I have a question for you both And I want you to answer it at the same time I count to three, you both answer Whats his name? One Two Three
brienne;Season 2;Two quick deaths
jaime;Season 2;Those were Stark men
brienne;Season 2;I dont serve the Starks I serve Lady Catelyn I told you Id take you to Kings Landing, and thats what Im going to do Stay
catelyn;Season 2;Walder Frey is a dangerous man to cross
robb;Season 2;I know that
catelyn;Season 2;And you mean to do it anyway?
robb;Season 2;I love her
catelyn;Season 2;I know that seems important to you
robb;Season 2;It is important to me
catelyn;Season 2;Your father didnt love me when we married He hardly knew me or I him Love didnt just happen to us We built it slowly over the years, stone by stone, for you, for your brothers and sisters, for all of us Its not as exciting as secret passion in the woods, but it is stronger It lasts longer
robb;Season 2;And that is what would be in store for me with one of Walder Freys daughters, what you and father had?
catelyn;Season 2;Why not? Because shes not beautiful? Because shes not exotic and exciting?
robb;Season 2;Now youre arguing just to argue because you arranged it
catelyn;Season 2;And you agreed to it You gave him your word Treat your oaths recklessly, and your people will do the same If your father lived his life for one thing
robb;Season 2;My father is dead And the only parent I have left has no right to call anyone reckless
stannis;Season 2;You said you saw my victory in the flames
melisandre;Season 2;l I did I still see it
stannis;Season 2;The flames lied And Im no better than a savage trusting in a fire god I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay I led my men to the gates of the seventh hell as their brothers burned alive, and for what? Attacked from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells If you see so much in your flames, why didnt you warn me?
melisandre;Season 2;The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses
stannis;Season 2;You claimed to speak for a god
melisandre;Season 2;Will you quit the war just because youve lost a battle?
stannis;Season 2;You talk about war as if you understand it
melisandre;Season 2;Ive been fighting far longer than you
stannis;Season 2;Have you? Show me how you fight
stannis;Season 2;Show me
stannis;Season 2;Wheres your god now? Will he save you? Where is your god?
melisandre;Season 2;Inside you
stannis;Season 2;I murdered my brother
melisandre;Season 2;We murdered him Share the weight with me
stannis;Season 2;He wasnt your brother
melisandre;Season 2;This war has just begun It will last for years Thousands will die at your command You will betray the men serving you You will betray your family You will betray everything you once held dear And it will all be worth it because you are the Son of Fire You are the Warrior of Light You will sweep aside this pretender and that one You will be king
stannis;Season 2;You promise these things, but you dont know None of us know
melisandre;Season 2;Let me show you
melisandre;Season 2;Look into the fire, my king Look
stannis;Season 2;I see fire
melisandre;Season 2;Keep looking Do you see? Do you see, my king?
stannis;Season 2;Yes
theon;Season 2;I will kill that man I dont care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall
luwin;Season 2;They want you to know youre surrounded
theon;Season 2;I know Im surrounded I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded
luwin;Season 2;They dont want you to sleep They want to sap your spirit before
theon;Season 2;Thank you, wise bald man Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me
theon;Season 2;No word from my father?
luwin;Season 2;No
theon;Season 2;Send more ravens
luwin;Season 2;You killed all the ravens
theon;Season 2;The first time I saw Winterfell
theon;Season 2;First time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead I saw it and I thought, Of course, Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers We never stood a chance against the man who lives here
luwin;Season 2;Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home
theon;Season 2;Yes, my captors were so very kind to me You love reminding me of that Everyone in this frozen pile of shit has always loved reminding me of that You know what its like to be told how lucky you are to be someones prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father
theon;Season 2;I will kill that man I swear to the Drowned God, the Old Gods, the New Gods, to every fucking god in every fucking heaven, I will kill that man
luwin;Season 2;Theon, listen to me I serve Winterfell Now Winterfell is yours Im bound by oath to serve you
theon;Season 2;And whats your counsel, trusted friend?
luwin;Season 2;Run
luwin;Season 2;Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls You have 20 men You cant win Wait for nightfall and run
theon;Season 2;Theres nowhere to run Id never make it back to the Iron Islands And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, Id be a coward The Greyjoy who ran The shame of the family
luwin;Season 2;Dont go home Join the Nights Watch
luwin;Season 2;Once a man has taken the black, hes beyond reach of the law All his past crimes are forgiven
theon;Season 2;I wont make it to the Wall I wont make it 10 feet past the Winterfell gates
luwin;Season 2;There are ways Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape The road will be dangerous But with a little luck.
luwin;Season 2;The Nights Watch is an ancient, honorable order Youll have opportunities there
theon;Season 2;The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep
luwin;Season 2;The opportunity to make amends for what youve done
theon;Season 2;Ive done a lot, havent I? Things I never imagined myself doing
luwin;Season 2;Ive known you many years, Theon Greyjoy Youre not the man youre pretending to be Not yet
theon;Season 2;You may be right But Ive gone too far to pretend to be anything else
theon;Season 2;You hear that? Thats the mating call of the Northmen They want to fuck us Well, I havent had a good fuck in weeks Im ready for one
theon;Season 2;They say every ironborn man is worth a dozen from the mainland
men;Season 2;Aye
theon;Season 2;You think theyre right?
black lorren;Season 2;Aye
theon;Season 2;We die today, brothers We die bleeding from 100 wounds with arrows in our necks and spears in our guts, but our war cries will echo through eternity They will sing about the battle of Winterfell until the Iron Islands have slipped beneath the waves Every man, woman and child will know who we were and how long we stood Aggar and Gelmarr, Wex and Urzen, Stygg and Black Lorren Ironborn warriors will cry out our names as they leap onto the shores of Seagard and Faircastle
men;Season 2;Aye
theon;Season 2;Mothers will name their sons for us
men;Season 2;Aye
theon;Season 2;Girls will think of us with their lovers inside them
men;Season 2;Aye
theon;Season 2;And whoever kills that fucking horn-blower will stand in bronze above the shores of Pyke
men;Season 2;Aye
theon;Season 2;What is dead may never die
men;Season 2;What is dead may never die
black lorren;Season 2;Thought hed never shut up
dagmer;Season 2;It was a good speech Didnt want to interrupt
luwin;Season 2;What is this? What are you doing?
dagmer;Season 2;Lets go home
man;Season 2;Come on
tyrion;Season 2;Why should I believe you?
varys;Season 2;Why would I lie about it?
tyrion;Season 2;To create strife between my sister and me
varys;Season 2;Where before there was nothing but love Ser Mandon Moore tried to kill you on your sisters orders If it werent for your squires bravery, youd be a dead man
tyrion;Season 2;Pod
podrick;Season 2;Yes, my lord?
tyrion;Season 2;Would it be excessive of me to ask you to save my life twice in a week?
podrick;Season 2;No, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;Youre a good lad Get Bronn, tell him I want four of his most loyal gold cloaks outside my door at all times
varys;Season 2;Im afraid your friend has been relieved of his command of the City Watch The gold cloaks are now firmly in the hands of your father or your sister It varies from cloak to cloak
tyrion;Season 2;Then my hill tribesmen
varys;Season 2;Have gone home Your father paid them quite handsomely Im afraid we wont be seeing each other for some time, my lord
tyrion;Season 2;Dont want to swim too close to a drowning man? And I thought we were friends
varys;Season 2;We are Podrick, would you mind?
varys;Season 2;There are many who know that without you this city faced certain defeat The king wont give you any honors, the histories wont mention you, but we will not forget
varys;Season 2;Come along now, Podrick
shae;Season 2;My love
tyrion;Season 2;It was good of you to come
shae;Season 2;Good of me? Of course I come
shae;Season 2;I want to see you
tyrion;Season 2;Believe me, you dont
shae;Season 2;Have you looked?
shae;Season 2;I will be the first
tyrion;Season 2;Well?
shae;Season 2;You are a mess
tyrion;Season 2;Im a monster as well as a dwarf You should charge me double
shae;Season 2;You think Im here for money?
tyrion;Season 2;That was the arrangement we made I pay you and you lie to me
shae;Season 2;Oh Im a poor little rich man and nobody loves me, so I make jokes all the time and pay them to laugh Fuck your money Lets leave
tyrion;Season 2;Leave?
shae;Season 2;Leave Kings Landing They tried to kill you They will try again Going into wars, fighting soldiers, youre terrible at this Lets take a boat to Pentos and never come back You dont belong here
tyrion;Season 2;What would we do in Pentos?
shae;Season 2;Eat, drink, fuck, live
tyrion;Season 2;I want to go with you
shae;Season 2;So do it Your father, your sister, all these bad people, they cant stop you Forget about them Come with me
tyrion;Season 2;I cant I do belong here These bad people are what Im good at Outtalking them, outthinking them Its what I am And I like it I like it more than anything Ive ever done Are you going to leave?
shae;Season 2;You have a shit memory I am yours and you are mine
septon;Season 2;In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity Look upon one another and say the words
robb;Season 2;Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger
talisa;Season 2;Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger
robb;Season 2;I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days
talisa;Season 2;I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days
kovarro;Season 2;A house of ghosts, Khaleesi
kovarro;Season 2;Where are the guards?
jorah;Season 2;No guards The warlocks kill with sorcery, not steel
daenerys;Season 2;Let them try
daenerys;Season 2;Is this a riddle?
jorah;Season 2;Khaleesi! Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 2;Are you trying to frighten me with magic tricks? You want me? Here I am Are you afraid of a little girl?
hot pie;Season 2;How did he find us?
arya;Season 2;What are you doing here?
jaqen;Season 2;Waiting for you
arya;Season 2;How did you know wed come this way?
jaqen;Season 2;After all the things you have seen, this is your question?
arya;Season 2;How did you kill those guards? Was it hard?
jaqen;Season 2;No harder than taking a new name, if you know the way Show me how I want to be able to do it, too
jaqen;Season 2;If you would learn, you must come with me
arya;Season 2;Where?
jaqen;Season 2;Far and away across the Narrow Sea to Braavos
arya;Season 2;My dancing master was from Braavos
jaqen;Season 2;To be a dancing master is a special thing, but to be a faceless man, that is something else entirely The girl has many names on her lips Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister, llyn Payne, the Hound Names to offer up to the Red God She could offer them all one by one
arya;Season 2;I want to But I cant I need to find my brother and mother And my sister I need to find her, too
jaqen;Season 2;Then we must part A man has duties as well Here
arya;Season 2;What is it?
jaqen;Season 2;A coin of great value
arya;Season 2;Could it buy a horse?
jaqen;Season 2;It is not meant for the buying of horses
arya;Season 2;Then what good is it?
jaqen;Season 2;If the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos and say these words to him, Valar Morghulis
arya;Season 2;Valar Morghulis
arya;Season 2;Please dont go, Jaqen
jaqen;Season 2;Jaqen is dead Say it again Valar Morghulis
arya;Season 2;Valar Morghulis
jaqen;Season 2;Good
jaqen;Season 2;Farewell, Arya Stark
bran;Season 2;Osha, what are you doing?
bran;Season 2;Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers
rickon;Season 2;Well make you better LUWIN I feel just fine
bran;Season 2;They burned it down They burned everything
luwin;Season 2;Not everything Not you But they may come back You have to go Put on your warmest clothes Pack as much food as you can carry and go north
osha;Season 2;Norths the wrong way And mother and brother are south We dont know where
luwin;Season 2;There are too many enemies in the south Go to the Wall, to Jon Hell look after you and let your mother know youre safe
bran;Season 2;I dont want to leave you
luwin;Season 2;No more than I want to leave you I pulled you into the world Both of you Ive seen both your faces almost every day since And for that, I consider myself very, very lucky Go now with Hodor Go on Ill be right here
luwin;Season 2;Osha You must protect them Youre the only one who can You may have to protect them against your own kind
osha;Season 2;Ive got no great love for my own kind Ill get you milk of the poppy Tell me where to find it I dont want milk of the poppy
luwin;Season 2;Do it quickly
drogo;Season 2;Moon of my life
daenerys;Season 2;This is dark magic, like the magic that took you from me Took you from me before I could even Maybe I am dead and I just dont know it yet Maybe I am with you in the Night Lands
drogo;Season 2;Or maybe I refused to enter the Night Lands without you Maybe I told the Great Stallion to go fuck himself and came back here to wait for you
daenerys;Season 2;That sounds like something you would do
drogo;Season 2;Or maybe it is a dream Your dream, my dream I do not know These are questions for wise men with skinny arms
drogo;Season 2;You are the moon of my life That is all I know and all I need to know
drogo;Season 2;And if this is a dream I will kill the man who tries to wake me
daenerys;Season 2;Until the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, until the rivers run dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves
pyatt pree;Season 2;They miss their mother
pyatt pree;Season 2;They want to be with you
pyatt pree;Season 2;Do you want to be with them?
pyatt pree;Season 2;You will be
pyatt pree;Season 2;When your dragons were born
pyatt pree;Season 2;our magic was born again
pyatt pree;Season 2;It is strongest in their presence
pyatt pree;Season 2;And they are strongest in yours
pyatt pree;Season 2;You will be with them, through winter, summer, winter again Across a thousand, thousand seasons you will be with them
pyatt pree;Season 2;And we will be with you until time comes to an end
pyatt pree;Season 2;Welcome home, Daenerys Stormborn
daenerys;Season 2;This is not my home My home is across the sea, where my people are waiting for me
pyatt pree;Season 2;They will be waiting a long time
daenerys;Season 2;Dracarys The wildings lead the captive JON and QHORIN on a march playfully tortures JON by batting him with his sword, with the RATTLESHIRT walking behind her
ygritte;Season 2;We should be there by sundown Wont be a fun night for you Mance knows how to make crows sing If you know what to say, you might just make it through the night Not talkings not the way to go
jon;Season 2;Careful with that You might cut yourself
jon;Season 2;Never swung a sword before, have you? You look like a baby with a rattle
rattleshirt;Season 2;Enough of that
jon;Season 2;Stop
qhorin;Season 2;Why, traitor? So you can give Mance Rayder an invitation to Castle Black?
rattleshirt;Season 2;Let em fight
qhorin;Season 2;Thats it? Thats what you can do? You little shit
qhorin;Season 2;Your traitor father teach you that?
qhorin;Season 2;Or was it your whore mother?
qhorin;Season 2;We are the watchers on the Wall
ygritte;Season 2;You can tell Mance thats the man who killed Qhorin Halfhand
rattleshirt;Season 2;Burn the body
wildling;Season 2;Aye
rattleshirt;Season 2;You dont want this one coming back for you
ygritte;Season 2;Come along, Jon Snow
ygritte;Season 2;Time to meet the King-beyond-the-Wall
xaro;Season 2;What the
doreah;Season 2;Khaleesi, please He said youd never leave Qarth alive
daenerys;Season 2;Come
daenerys;Season 2;Nothing
daenerys;Season 2;Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos Thank you for teaching me this lesson
xaro;Season 2;I am king of Qarth I can help you now, truly help you We can take the Iron Throne Ill bring you a thousand ships
doreah;Season 2;Please, Khaleesi, I beg you
xaro;Season 2;All that you have dreamed is within your reach
doreah;Season 2;I beg you, please
xaro;Season 2;Khaleesi
doreah;Season 2;Please! Please
xaro;Season 2;Khaleesi
jorah;Season 2;Its all a lie
daenerys;Season 2;Looks real enough to me Real enough to buy a ship?
jorah;Season 2;Aye, a small ship
jorah;Season 2;Take all the gold and jewels
grenn;Season 2;I thought we were coming north to fight wildlings
grenn;Season 2;Is this goat?
eddison tollett;Season 2;Its moose People shouldnt live anywhere you need to burn shit to keep warm
grenn;Season 2;Well, you see a tree, let me know
sam;Season 2;If you step back and think about it, the thing about Gilly thats so interesting is
grenn;Season 2;Just bloody kill me
sam;Season 2;No, truly The thing about her that I find so interesting is that after all that Crasters done to her, shes still got hope that life might get better
eddison tollett;Season 2;The thing about Gilly that you find so interesting is that she said six words to you
sam;Season 2;And the thing about you that I find so interesting is absolutely nothing
sam;Season 2;Its Jon and the Halfhand Theyre back
grenn;Season 2;Two blasts is wildlings Youre not fighting them alone
eddison tollett;Season 2;Come on
grenn;Season 2;Three blasts?
eddison tollett;Season 2;Run
sam;Season 2;Wait! Wait for me
sam;Season 2;Grenn
sam;Season 2;Edd
man;Season 3;Fall back
sam;Season 3;Brother?
jeor;Season 3;Did you send the ravens?
jeor;Season 3;Tarly, look at me Did you send the ravens?
jeor;Season 3;That was your job Your only job We need to get back to the Wall Its a long march We know whats out there, but we have to make it, have to warn them or before winters done, everyone youve ever known will be dead
ygritte;Season 3;First time youve seen a giant, Jon Snow?
ygritte;Season 3;Well, dont stare too long Theyre shy When they stop being shy, they get angry And when theyre angry, Ive seen them pound a man straight into the ground like a hammer on a nail
man;Season 3;Crow
boy;Season 3;Crow
girl;Season 3;Look over there
man;Season 3;Crow
girl;Season 3;Crow! Look over here! Look
woman;Season 3;Ah, look, crow coming
boy;Season 3;Crow
ygritte;Season 3;Youre wearing the wrong color
jon;Season 3;Mance was a ranger
ygritte;Season 3;In your hearts, all you crows want to fly free
jon;Season 3;When Im free, will I be free to go?
boy;Season 3;Crow
boy;Season 3;Crow
ygritte;Season 3;Sure, you will
boy;Season 3;Oh
ygritte;Season 3;And Ill be free to kill you Got no respect, this lot Got no fathers to slap em when theyre foul
jon;Season 3;What happened to their fathers?
ygritte;Season 3;Some of them were killed by crows like you Dont look so grim, Jon Snow If Mance Rayder likes you, youll live another day And if he dont.
tormund;Season 3;I smell a crow
lord of bones;Season 3;We killed his friends Thought youd want to question this one
tormund;Season 3;What do we want with a baby crow?
ygritte;Season 3;This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand He wants to be one of us
tormund;Season 3;That half-handed cunt killed friends of mine Friends twice your size
jon;Season 3;My father told me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts
tormund;Season 3;Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart And theres plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods Whats your name, boy?
jon;Season 3;Jon Snow
jon;Season 3;Your Grace
tormund;Season 3;Your Grace? Did you hear that? From now on, youd better kneel every time I fart
mance;Season 3;Stand, boy We dont kneel for anyone beyond the Wall
mance;Season 3;So, youre Ned Starks bastard Thank you for the gift, Lord of Bones You can leave us
mance;Season 3;The girl likes you You like her back, Snow? That why you want to join us?
tormund;Season 3;Dont panic, boy This isnt the damned Nights Watch where we make you swear off girls
mance;Season 3;This chicken eater you thought was king is Tormund Giantsbane
tormund;Season 3;Cant believe this pup killed the Halfhand
mance;Season 3;He was our enemy and Im glad hes dead
mance;Season 3;He was my brother once Back when he had a whole hand What were you doing with him?
jon;Season 3;The Lord Commander sent me to the Halfhand for seasoning
mance;Season 3;Why?
jon;Season 3;He wants me to lead one day
mance;Season 3;But here you are, a traitor kneeling before the King-beyond-the-Wall
jon;Season 3;If Im a traitor, then you are, too
mance;Season 3;Why do you want to join us, Jon Snow?
jon;Season 3;I want to be free
mance;Season 3;No, I dont think so I think what you want most of all is to be a hero Ill ask you one last time why do you want to join us?
jon;Season 3;We stopped at Crasters Keep on the way north I saw.
mance;Season 3;You saw what?
jon;Season 3;I saw Craster take his own baby boy and leave it in the woods I saw what took it
mance;Season 3;Youre telling me you saw one of them? And why would that make you desert your brothers?
jon;Season 3;Because when I told the Lord Commander, he already knew Thousands of years ago, the First Men battled the White Walkers and defeated them I want to fight for the side that fights for the living Did I come to the right place?
mance;Season 3;Well need to find you a new cloak
bronn;Season 3;What if you took off that bit there?
whore;Season 3;Dont you want to leave something to the imagination?
bronn;Season 3;Trouble is, Ive never had much imagination
whore;Season 3;I want you to take it off
whore;Season 3;Mouth
podrick;Season 3;Ser Bronn Ser Bronn
bronn;Season 3;I didnt hear that
podrick;Season 3;Apologies, ser
bronn;Season 3;Back away Keep backing away till youre outside this establishment Then back away some more
podrick;Season 3;Lord Tyrion sent me
bronn;Season 3;I will murder you, boy
podrick;Season 3;He said it was a matter of life and death
tyrion;Season 3;Pod?
cersei;Season 3;Its your sister The queen
tyrion;Season 3;What are they doing here?
cersei;Season 3;Protecting me, I assume Will you let me in?
tyrion;Season 3;No, I dont think so
cersei;Season 3;If I wanted to kill you, do you think Id let a wooden door stop me?
tyrion;Season 3;They stay outside
cersei;Season 3;Im not afraid of you, little brother
tyrion;Season 3;Why are you here?
cersei;Season 3;I wanted to see your face They said youd lost your nose, but its not as gruesome as all that
tyrion;Season 3;The man who cut me lost more than his nose
cersei;Season 3;I should hope so The rebels came for Joffreys head, they lost their own Thanks to Father
tyrion;Season 3;Thanks to Father Of course, it wasnt a rebel who tried to kill me
cersei;Season 3;No? Curious Bit of a comedown from chamber of the Hand But then I dont suppose you need much room
tyrion;Season 3;Grand Maester Pycelle made the same joke You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees
cersei;Season 3;Youre meeting Father today?
tyrion;Season 3;How do you know that?
cersei;Season 3;Because I have hundreds of spies in my employ The Master of Whisperers owes me a favor or two Father told me What do you want from him?
tyrion;Season 3;What do I want from him? Hes my father Do I need to want something? Im sure he loves me dearly, as any father loves his child, his baby boy Yet he hasnt come to visit once since arriving in Kings Landing I lay here, my face split in half, but Father never came
cersei;Season 3;Youre going to make me cry
tyrion;Season 3;Why do you care what I want from him?
cersei;Season 3;Because youve slandered me to Father before
tyrion;Season 3;Slandered? When?
cersei;Season 3;You told him I had my guards beat that servant girl at Casterly Rock
tyrion;Season 3;You did have your guards beat her A girl of nine, I believe
cersei;Season 3;I was nine, too
tyrion;Season 3;She lost an eye, if I remember correctly
cersei;Season 3;If I remember correctly, she never stole a necklace again
tyrion;Season 3;Its not slander if its true
cersei;Season 3;And whats this truth you plan on telling him today?
tyrion;Season 3;Why are you so nervous about what Im going to say to Father?
cersei;Season 3;Because youre a liar I expect youll tell lies about me, about Joffrey
tyrion;Season 3;Any lies in particular?
cersei;Season 3;Youre a clever man, but youre not half as clever as you think you are
tyrion;Season 3;Still makes me more clever than you
bronn;Season 3;Oh, look at these two shining warriors Ser Taryn Mant and Ser Whosit of Whocares
meryn trant;Season 3;Ser Meryn Trant
bronn;Season 3;Ser Bronn of the Blackwater
meryn trant;Season 3;Youre no knight
bronn;Season 3;Pod
podrick;Season 3;Ser Bronn of the Blackwater was anointed by the king himself
meryn trant;Season 3;Youre an up-jumped cutthroat, nothing more
bronn;Season 3;Thats exactly who I am And youre a grub in fancy armor whos better at beating little girls than fighting men Now, I have an appointment with Lord Tyrion
meryn trant;Season 3;You put your hand on that door, you lose the hand
bronn;Season 3;As much as I appreciate a walk in the sunshine, your lordship, I am wondering why you sent for me
tyrion;Season 3;A number of people in this city want to kill me Youre here to protect me
bronn;Season 3;Ive been doing that for a while now
tyrion;Season 3;Do you grow bored protecting me?
bronn;Season 3;I grow poor protecting you
tyrion;Season 3;Poor? Poor? Under my patronage youve become a knight, youve served as Commander of the City Watch
bronn;Season 3;Briefly
tyrion;Season 3;Im sure you filled your pockets
bronn;Season 3;And now my pockets are empty Youve given me a taste for the finer things And if you want me to carry on protecting you, youll need to pay more
tyrion;Season 3;I thought we were friends
bronn;Season 3;We are But Im a sellsword I sell my sword I dont loan it out to friends as a favor
tyrion;Season 3;How much?
bronn;Season 3;Double
tyrion;Season 3;Double?
bronn;Season 3;Im a knight now Knights are worth double
tyrion;Season 3;I dont even know how much Im paying you now
bronn;Season 3;Which means you can afford it
blackwater bay davos;Season 3;Here Here! Help me
man;Season 3;Who are you?
davos;Season 3;I was in the battle at Blackwater I was a captain and a knight
man;Season 3;Aye, ser, and serving which king?
davos;Season 3;The one true king of Westeros Stannis Baratheon
salladhor;Season 3;I thought you were dead Everyone thought you were dead And your son?
salladhor;Season 3;He may have swam ashore as you did
davos;Season 3;No, the wildfire took him I saw it
salladhor;Season 3;Im so sorry, my friend I, too, have lost a son There is nothing worse in this world But, Davos, you were a good father
davos;Season 3;If I was a good father, hed still be here Stannis lives?
salladhor;Season 3;He licks his wounds at Dragonstone
davos;Season 3;Will you take me there?
salladhor;Season 3;There is nothing for me at Dragonstone
davos;Season 3;This war is not over
salladhor;Season 3;Not for you, maybe But for Salladhor Saan, the war is over
davos;Season 3;Were both sworn to King Stannis
salladhor;Season 3;I am sworn to no man I promised you 30 ships and you promised me riches and glory I delivered the ships
davos;Season 3;Stannis never gives up Never Now he will regroup .
salladhor;Season 3;Hes a broken man His fleet lies at the bottom of Blackwater Bay They say he sees no one not his generals, not even his wife Only the Red Woman whispering in his ear, telling him what she sees in the flames and burning men alive
davos;Season 3;What?
salladhor;Season 3;They built a great fire when Stannis returned All those who spoke against her she called servants of darkness They say she sang to them as they burned
salladhor;Season 3;Im a pirate
davos;Season 3;Youre a smuggler
salladhor;Season 3;Servants of darkness Im thinking Dragonstone is a good place for us to avoid
davos;Season 3;Take me back there, please
salladhor;Season 3;You cannot turn Stannis against her
davos;Season 3;Maybe not, but I could carve her heart out
salladhor;Season 3;You could try If you fail, they will burn you If you succeed, theyll burn you And youve only just come back to life Stay alive a little longer, my friend
davos;Season 3;You call me friend You drank with me on my wedding day
salladhor;Season 3;And you drank with me on four of my wedding days, but I dont ask you for favors
davos;Season 3;I have to stop her Please, do this for me
salladhor;Season 3;When you are dead, I will gather your bones in a little sack and let your widow wear them around her neck
roose bolton;Season 3;We should set the siege lines 1,000 yards from Harrenhal
robb;Season 3;There wont be a siege The Mountain cant defend a ruin
roose bolton;Season 3;I imagine the Mountain will defend whatever Tywin Lannister tells him to defend
robb;Season 3;The Lannisters have been running from us since Oxcross Id love a fight The men would love a fight I dont think were going to get one
rickard kar;Season 3;200 Northmen slaughtered like sheep
roose bolton;Season 3;The debt will be repaid, my friend For them and for your sons
rickard kar;Season 3;Will it? They rot in the ground while their killer runs free
roose bolton;Season 3;ingslayer wont remain free for long My best hunters are after him
robb;Season 3;A Mallister?
catelyn;Season 3;Ser Jeremy My fathers bannerman
robb;Season 3;Find her a chamber that will serve as a cell
talisa;Season 3;Shes your mother
robb;Season 3;She freed Jaime Lannister The Lannisters robbed them of their sons and she robbed them of their justice
qyburn;Season 3;Water Water
talisa;Season 3;This needs to be cleaned and closed
robb;Season 3;Whats your name, friend?
qyburn;Season 3;Qyburn
talisa;Season 3;Youre lucky to be alive
qyburn;Season 3;Lucky?
tyrion;Season 3;The badge looks good on you Almost as good as it looked on me Are you enjoying your new position?
tywin;Season 3;Am I enjoying it?
tyrion;Season 3;I was very happy as Hand of the King
tywin;Season 3;Yes I heard how happy you were You brought a whore into my bed
tyrion;Season 3;It wasnt your bed at the time
tywin;Season 3;I sent you here to advise the king I gave you real power and authority You chose to spend your days as you always have, bedding harlots and drinking with thieves
tyrion;Season 3;Occasionally I drank with the harlots
tywin;Season 3;What do you want, Tyrion?
tyrion;Season 3;Why does everyone assume I want something? Cant I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield
tywin;Season 3;Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal
tyrion;Season 3;I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls I bled in the mud for our family And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start
tywin;Season 3;Jugglers and singers require applause You are a Lannister Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion So tell me what you want
tyrion;Season 3;I want what is mine by right Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock I am your son and lawful heir
tywin;Season 3;You want Casterly Rock?
tyrion;Season 3;It is mine by right
tywin;Season 3;Well find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock
tyrion;Season 3;Why?
tywin;Season 3;Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning Mens laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my fathers sigil and his fathers before him But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse Go, now Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock Go
tywin;Season 3;Oh, one more thing The next whore I catch in your bed Ill hang
sansa;Season 3;Dorne Its going to Dorne
shae;Season 3;Why Dorne?
sansa;Season 3;Its carrying silk and its supposed to bring back wine in exchange But its not coming back The captains tired of risking his life so Kings Landing lords and ladies can get drunk on better wine than they deserve Hes going to stay in Dorne Wait out the winter where its beautiful and warm
shae;Season 3;I met some people in Dorne who werent so beautiful and warm
sansa;Season 3;Dont ruin the game
shae;Season 3;I told you, I dont want to play
sansa;Season 3;What about that one there?
shae;Season 3;That one? Its going to Volantis
sansa;Season 3;Why?
shae;Season 3;Because when I got on a ship in Volantis, it looked like that one
sansa;Season 3;Thats not how the game works Youre not supposed to just blurt out the right answer Youve got to invent a story about where the ship is going and why
shae;Season 3;Why should I make up a story when I know the truth?
sansa;Season 3;Because the truth is always either terrible or boring
littlefinger;Season 3;Lovely day for it Watching the ships
sansa;Season 3;Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 3;Might I speak with Lady Sansa alone for a moment?
littlefinger;Season 3;I saw your mother not long ago Shes very eager to see you And your sister
sansa;Season 3;Aryas alive? You said youd take me home
littlefinger;Season 3;You said Kings Landing was your home You are the property of the crown Stealing you would be treason If you were to tell just one person .
sansa;Season 3;I wont tell anyone
littlefinger;Season 3;How do I know?
sansa;Season 3;Because Im a terrible liar You said so yourself Please, Lord Baelish Tell me what to do Tell me when
littlefinger;Season 3;Im waiting for word on an assignment that will take me far away from the capital When I set sail, I might be able to take you with me But youll need to be ready to leave on a moments notice
ros;Season 3;Youre her handmaiden?
shae;Season 3;Yes And youre his ?
ros;Season 3;I help manage his affairs
shae;Season 3;Hes an important person
ros;Season 3;So is she I grew up in the shadow of her fathers castle The day she was born, they rang the bells from sunrise till sunset Weve both done rather well, you and I
shae;Season 3;Yes
ros;Season 3;Given where we started
shae;Season 3;And where is that?
ros;Season 3;Its not easy for girls like us to dig our way out Watch out for her
shae;Season 3;I always do
ros;Season 3;Watch out for her with him
jorah;Season 3;Theyre growing fast
daenerys;Season 3;Not fast enough I cant wait that long I need an army
jorah;Season 3;Well be in Astapor by nightfall Some say the Unsullied are the greatest soldiers in the world
daenerys;Season 3;The greatest slave-soldiers in the world The distinction means a good deal to some people
jorah;Season 3;Do those people have any better ideas about how to put you on the Iron Throne?
daenerys;Season 3;Its too beautiful a day to argue
jorah;Season 3;Youre right Another lovely day on the high seas
daenerys;Season 3;Dont mock them Theyre the first Dothraki who have ever been on a ship They followed me across the poison water If theyll do it, others will And with a true khalasar .
jorah;Season 3;The Dothraki follow strength above all, khaleesi Youll have a true khalasar when you prove yourself strong And not before
davos;Season 3;Your Grace
stannis;Season 3;I heard you were dead
davos;Season 3;Not yet
stannis;Season 3;I had hoped to speak to you alone, Your Grace
stannis;Season 3;We are alone
davos;Season 3;Your Grace, you are the rightful king Not only by blood Youre an honorable man, a just man And there is still a war to fight
stannis;Season 3;I am fighting
davos;Season 3;By burning prisoners alive?
melisandre;Season 3;How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?
davos;Season 3;I do not judge people for the gods they worship If I did, Id have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone
melisandre;Season 3;Im not your enemy
davos;Season 3;You are my enemy
melisandre;Season 3;Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasnt there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands I could have saved those men You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him But I wasnt there because you convinced your king to leave me behind Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them
melisandre;Season 3;Dont despair, Ser Davos What I told your son is true
melisandre;Season 3;Death by fire is the purest death
davos;Season 3;This woman is evil! Shes the mother of demons
stannis;Season 3;Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell
davos;Season 3;Your Grace
guard;Season 3;Come on
melisandre;Season 3;Youve chosen the darkness, Ser Davos
davos;Season 3;She will destroy us all
melisandre;Season 3;I will pray for you
davos;Season 3;Your Grace
guard;Season 3;Halt Down
guard;Season 3;Halt Down
joffrey;Season 3;Why have we stopped?
guard;Season 3;Its Lady Margaery, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;What is she doing? Who gave her permission?
maid;Season 3;My lady We should have guards, my lady
margaery;Season 3;Why?
margaery;Season 3;Pardon me
maid;Season 3;Stop, my lady Youll ruin your dress
margaery;Season 3;I have others
guard;Season 3;Would you like to speak with her, Your Grace?
joffrey;Season 3;No
child;Season 3;He was a soldier He went to fight on the walls when the ships came into Blackwater Bay He never came back
margaery;Season 3;And your mother?
child;Season 3;She died when she had me
margaery;Season 3;Bad men wanted to come into this city and do terrible things, but your father stopped them
margaery;Season 3;Whenever you look at this knight, I want you to remember your father
child;Season 3;He wasnt a knight He was just a soldier
margaery;Season 3;And what do knights swear to do? Protect the weak and uphold the good Your father did that Be proud of him
margaery;Season 3;Was your father a soldier, too?
margaery;Season 3;You should be proud, too Under King Joffreys leadership, your fathers saved the city They saved us all From now on, were going to take care of you All of you
margaery;Season 3;Come to me for whatever you need to feed them, clothe them, or house them Directly to me
margaery;Season 3;Your Grace
loras;Season 3;Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;Please, sit Sit I do apologize, my lady Small council meetings At what point does it become treason to waste the kings time?
joffrey;Season 3;Thats a lovely gown, my lady
cersei;Season 3;Yes, it suits you perfectly I imagine you might be rather cold
margaery;Season 3;The climate is a bit more forgiving back in Highgarden, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;Shall I have them bring you a shawl, my lady?
margaery;Season 3;I am touched by your concern, Your Grace Luckily for us Tyrells, our blood runs quite warm Doesnt it, Loras?
loras;Season 3;Yes
margaery;Season 3;Loras, isnt the queens gown magnificent? The fabric, the embroidery, the metalwork Ive never seen anything like it
cersei;Season 3;You might find a bit of armor quite useful once you become queen Perhaps before Joffrey tells me you stopped your carriage at Flea Bottom on your way back from the sept this morning
margaery;Season 3;Yes I paid a visit to an orphanage the High Septon told me about
loras;Season 3;Margaery does a great deal of work with the poor back in Highgarden
margaery;Season 3;The lowest among us are no different from the highest if you give them a chance and approach them with an open heart
cersei;Season 3;An open heart is what youll get in Flea Bottom if youre not careful, my dear Not long ago, we were attacked by a mob there We had a full complement of guards that didnt stop them The king barely escaped with his life
joffrey;Season 3;My mothers always had a penchant for drama Facts become less and less important to her as she grows older Our lives were never truly in danger
cersei;Season 3;Youre right, of course But you are your fathers son We cant all have a kings bravery
margaery;Season 3;Hunger turns men into beasts Im glad House Tyrell has been able to help in this regard They tell me 100 wagons arrive daily now from the Reach Wheat, barley, apples Weve had a blessed harvest And, of course, its our duty to assist the capital in time of need
joffrey;Season 3;Well, as Ser Loras said, Lady Margaery has done this sort of charitable work before Im sure she knows what shes doing
cersei;Season 3;Im sure she does
cut to;Season 3;The path leading to Astapor KRAZNYS MO
missandei;Season 3;The Unsullied have stood here for a day and a night with no food or water
missandei;Season 3;They will stand until they drop
missandei;Season 3;Such is their obedience
daenerys;Season 3;They may suit my needs Tell me of their training
missandei;Season 3;The Westrosi woman is pleased with them, but speaks no praise to keep the price down She wished to know how they are trained
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;Tell her what she would know and be quick about it
missandei;Season 3;They begin their training at five Every day they drill from dawn to dusk until they have mastered the shortsword, the shield, and the three spears Only one boy in four survives this rigorous training
missandei;Season 3;Their discipline and loyalty are absolute They fear nothing
jorah;Season 3;Even the bravest men fear death
missandei;Season 3;The knight says even brave men fear death
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;Tell the old man he smells of piss
missandei;Season 3;Truly, master?
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;No, not truly Are you a girl or a goat to ask such a thing?
missandei;Season 3;My master says the Unsullied are not men Death means nothing to them
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;Tell this ignorant whore of a Westerner to open her eyes and watch
missandei;Season 3;He begs you attend to this carefully, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 3;Tell the good master there is no need
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;Shes worried about their nipples? Doers the dumb bitch know weve cut off their balls?
missandei;Season 3;My master points out that men dont need nipples
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;Here, Im done with you
unsullied;Season 3;This one is pleased to have served you
missandei;Season 3;To win his shield, an Unsullied must go to the slave marts with a silver mark, find a newborn and kill it before its mothers eyes This way, my master says, we make certain there is no weakness left in them
daenerys;Season 3;You take a babe from its mothers arms, kill it as she watches, and pay for her pain with a silver coin?
missandei;Season 3;She is offended She asks if you pay a sliver coin to the mother for her dead baby
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;What a soft mewling fool this one is
missandei;Season 3;My master would like you to know that the silver is paid to the babys owner, not the mother
daenerys;Season 3;How many do you have to sell?
missandei;Season 3;8000 KRAZNYS MO
nakloz;Season 3;Tell the Westerosi whore she has until tomorrow
missandei;Season 3;Master Kraznys asks that you please hurry Many other buyers are interested
daenerys;Season 3;8,000 dead babies
jorah;Season 3;The Unsullied are a means to an end
daenerys;Season 3;Once I own them, these men .
jorah;Season 3;Theyre not men Not anymore
daenerys;Season 3;Once I own an army of slaves, what will I be?
jorah;Season 3;Do you think these slaves will have better lives serving Kraznys and men like him or serving you?
jorah;Season 3;Youll be fair to them You wont mutilate them to make a point
jorah;Season 3;You wont order them to murder babies Youll see theyre properly fed and sheltered A great injustice has been done to them Closing your eyes will not undo it
daenerys;Season 3;The warlocks
daenerys;Season 3;I owe you my life, ser
barristan selmy;Season 3;The honor is mine, my queen
daenerys;Season 3;You know this man?
jorah;Season 3;I know him as one of the greatest fighters the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen and as the Lord Commander of Robert Baratheons Kingsguard
jon;Season 3;Dont think too much, Bran
jon;Season 3;Relax your bow arm
ned;Season 3;And which one of you was a marksman at 10?
bran;Season 3;Father?
jojen;Season 3;You cant kill it, you know
bran;Season 3;Why not?
jojen;Season 3;Because the raven is you
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
bran;Season 3;Its all right, Hodor
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
osha;Season 3;Were you inside the wolf again, little lord?
bran;Season 3;No, it was the three-eyed raven
osha;Season 3;Hes back
bran;Season 3;I tried to kill it, but I couldnt There was a boy
osha;Season 3;I dont want to hear about it
bran;Season 3;But you asked
osha;Season 3;Weve got plenty of worries We dont need to pour black magic on top of them
bran;Season 3;I didnt ask for black magic dreams
osha;Season 3;I know you didnt, little lord
osha;Season 3;We need to move
bran;Season 3;We dont know who might be after us No one even knows were alive
osha;Season 3;And who told you that? The three-eyed raven tell you?
bran;Season 3;No
osha;Season 3;Some good he is, then
osha;Season 3;I dont know what other people know and what they dont I only know the Wall is a long way off
talisa;Season 3;My mother always told me you Westerosi were a grim lot Grim, bearded, stinking barbarians that would row across the Narrow Sea and steal us from our beds
robb;Season 3;Did you ever think youd marry one?
talisa;Season 3;I never thought Id marry anyone at all
robb;Season 3;Never?
talisa;Season 3;Not until I met the king of the grim, bearded, stinking barbarians
roose bolton;Season 3;Pardon me, Your Grace My queen
talisa;Season 3;Lord Bolton
robb;Season 3;Let me guess which one is the good news
roose bolton;Season 3;Word from Riverrun and Winterfell
catelyn;Season 3;I hadnt seen him in years I dont even know how many
robb;Season 3;Well travel to the funeral together Lord Bolton will garrison here until we return
catelyn;Season 3;Will I be wearing manacles when I lay my father to rest?
catelyn;Season 3;Something else?
robb;Season 3;By the time Boltons bastard-RAMSAY got to Winterfell, the ironborn were gone They massacred everyone and put the castle to the torch And BRAN and RICKON have not been found They may have escaped Or Theon may have taken them back to the Iron Islands as hostages
catelyn;Season 3;Have you received any demands?
robb;Season 3;No
catelyn;Season 3;Have you heard anything from Theon at all?
theon;Season 3;Where am I? Who are you? What do you want?
torturer;Season 3;I want to do this
jaime;Season 3;Do you know how long its going to take us to get to Kings Landing walking through fields and forests?
brienne;Season 3;Yes
jaime;Season 3;So how shall we pass the time?
brienne;Season 3;By putting one foot in front of the other
jaime;Season 3;Its going to be a very dull walk
brienne;Season 3;Im here to take you to Kings Landing and bring back Lady Starks daughters in exchange Dull is fine
jaime;Season 3;You know, it doesnt matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute Trust me on this People have been serving me since I was born You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A weeks journey with you and shell order you to fall on your sword
brienne;Season 3;If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, Im sure shell let me know Shes an honest woman
jaime;Season 3;All the good its done her
jaime;Season 3;How did you come into Lady Starks service? Theres something we can talk about
brienne;Season 3;Not your concern, Kingslayer
jaime;Season 3;It had to be recently You werent with her at Winterfell
brienne;Season 3;How would you know?
jaime;Season 3;Because I visited Winterfell I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways
brienne;Season 3;Move
jaime;Season 3;Were you pledged to Stannis?
brienne;Season 3;Gods, no
jaime;Season 3;Ah, Renly Really? He wasnt fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal
brienne;Season 3;Shut your mouth
jaime;Season 3;Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, dont forget Could hardly escape the little tulip Skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks I knew him far better than you
brienne;Season 3;I knew him as well as anyone As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything He would have been a wonderful king
jaime;Season 3;Sounds like you quite fancied him
brienne;Season 3;I did not fancy him
jaime;Season 3;Oh, gods, you did
jaime;Season 3;Did you ever tell him? No, of course not You werent Renlys type, Im afraid
jaime;Season 3;He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell Youre far too much man for him
brienne;Season 3;Im not interested in foul rumors
jaime;Season 3;Unless theyre about me Its all true about Renly His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court Its a shame the throne isnt made out of cocks Theyd have never got him off it
brienne;Season 3;Shut your mouth
jaime;Season 3;I dont blame him And I dont blame you, either We dont get to choose who we love
man;Season 3;Where are you headed, then?
brienne;Season 3;South You?
man;Season 3;Riverrun Staying off the kingsroad, are you? They get you no matter where you go You cant win
jaime;Season 3;No, you really cant
man;Season 3;Looks like youre safe enough, though Meaning no offense, my lady, but I wouldnt tangle with you Seven blessings to you
brienne;Season 3;And you
jaime;Season 3;He knows who I am
brienne;Season 3;He doesnt
jaime;Season 3;Maybe youre right But what if youre not? What if he tells someone?
brienne;Season 3;Were not doing it Hes an innocent man
jaime;Season 3;More innocent than Lady Starks daughters?
joffrey;Season 3;Make it tighter here
cersei;Season 3;Thats better It makes you look very strong
joffrey;Season 3;No flowers I said no flowers All these are wrong Bring others
tailor;Season 3;Yes, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;Bloody flowers On the king
cersei;Season 3;Looks like a Tyrell rose Give it to Margaery for her wedding gown Should be more than enough fabric
cersei;Season 3;Tell me what you think of her
joffrey;Season 3;Who?
cersei;Season 3;Margaery
joffrey;Season 3;Shes an ideal match With the Tyrells beside us, well crush the Northerners Hang their lords, burn their strongholds, sow their fields with salt, and no one will think of rebelling for another century
cersei;Season 3;It is a good match, but what do you think of her? Shes beautiful and intelligent
joffrey;Season 3;Yes, she is
cersei;Season 3;Her concern with the well-being of the common people is interesting
joffrey;Season 3;Not to me
cersei;Season 3;I only meant that to go out of your way to endanger yourself
joffrey;Season 3;This is becoming one of the most boring conversations Ive ever had
cersei;Season 3;Margaery Tyrell dotes on filthy urchins for a reason She dresses like a harlot for a reason She married a traitor and known degenerate like Renly Baratheon for a reason
joffrey;Season 3;She married Renly Baratheon because she was told to Thats what intelligent women do-what theyre told
cersei;Season 3;You need to ask yourself
joffrey;Season 3;I dont need to do anything
joffrey;Season 3;Better Much better
shae;Season 3;I still dont believe it
sansa;Season 3;He didnt He didnt want anything He just takes an interest because he loved my mother
shae;Season 3;Men only want one thing from a pretty girl
sansa;Season 3;Littlefingers not in love with me
shae;Season 3;Love is not the thing he wants
sansa;Season 3;Hes too old
shae;Season 3;They never see it that way He didnt ask you to do something for him? Spy on someone or?
sansa;Season 3;No
shae;Season 3;If he does ask you for anything or try anything or touch you, I want you to tell me
sansa;Season 3;Why? What will you do? I will make him stop
guard;Season 3;Ser Loras Tyrell, my lady
sansa;Season 3;Send him in
loras;Season 3;Lady Sansa
sansa;Season 3;Ser Loras
loras;Season 3;My sister Margaery invites you to take the air with her and our grandmother the Lady Olenna in the gardens May I escort you to them?
loras;Season 3;I believe you grow more beautiful every day, Lady Sansa
sansa;Season 3;You are too kind, Ser Loras You probably dont remember the first time we met At the Hands tourney, you gave me your favor A rose, a red rose
loras;Season 3;Of course I did
margaery;Season 3;Its more your color You take it
maid;Season 3;Thank you
margaery;Season 3;Youre such a dear
loras;Season 3;Ill take my leave Lady Sansa
sansa;Season 3;Thank you, Ser Loras
margaery;Season 3;Come Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell
olenna;Season 3;Kiss me, child
olenna;Season 3;Its so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens Were very sorry for your losses
sansa;Season 3;And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renlys death, Lady Margaery He was very gallant
olenna;Season 3;Gallant, yes And charming and very clean He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king
margaery;Season 3;Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother Father liked him and so did Loras
olenna;Season 3;Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick That does not make him wise As to your fathead father
margaery;Season 3;Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?
olenna;Season 3;She might think we have some wits about us One of us, at any rate It was treason I warned them Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me But once the cows been milked, theres no squirting the cream back up her udders So here we are to see things through What do you say to that, Sansa? Shall we have some lemon cakes?
sansa;Season 3;Lemon cakes my favorite
olenna;Season 3;So weve been told Are you going to bring the food or do you mean to starve us to death? Here, Sansa, come sit with me Im much less boring than these others
olenna;Season 3;Do you know my son? The Lord of Highgarden?
sansa;Season 3;I havent had the pleasure
olenna;Season 3;No great pleasure, believe me A ponderous oaf His father was an oaf as well My husband, the late Lord Luthor He managed to ride off a cliff whilst hawking They say he was looking up at the sky and paying no mind to where his horse was taking him And now my son is doing the same, only this time hes riding a lion instead of a horse Now I want you to tell me the truth about this royal boy, this Joffrey
sansa;Season 3;I , I-
olenna;Season 3;You, you Who else would know better? Weve heard some troubling tales Is there any truth to them? Has this boy mistreated you?
olenna;Season 3;Has he ripped out your tongue?
sansa;Season 3;Joff-King Joffrey, he-His Grace is very fair and handsome and as brave as a lion
olenna;Season 3;Yes, all Lannisters are lions And when a Tyrell farts, it smells like a rose But how kind is he? How clever? Has he a good heart, a gentle hand?
margaery;Season 3;Im to be his wife I only want to know what that means
olenna;Season 3;Bring me some cheese
servant;Season 3;The cheese will be served after the cakes, my lady
olenna;Season 3;The cheese will be served when I want it served And I want it served now
olenna;Season 3;Are you frightened, child? No need for that Were only women here Tell us the truth No harm will come to you
sansa;Season 3;My father always told the truth
olenna;Season 3;Yes, he had that reputation And they named him traitor and took his head
sansa;Season 3;Joffrey Joffrey did that He promised he would be merciful and he cut my fathers head off And he said that was mercy Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it
olenna;Season 3;Go on
sansa;Season 3;I-I cant I never meant-my father was a traitor My brother as well I have traitors blood Please dont make me say anymore
margaery;Season 3;Shes terrified, Grandmother Just look at her
olenna;Season 3;Speak freely, child We would never betray your confidence, I swear it
sansa;Season 3;Hes a monster
olenna;Season 3;Ah Thats a pity
sansa;Season 3;Please, dont stop the wedding
olenna;Season 3;Have no fear The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen Even so, we thank you for the truth Ah, here comes my cheese
rickard kar;Season 3;Were at war This march is a distraction
robb;Season 3;My grandfathers funeral is not a distraction
rickard kar;Season 3;Are we riding to battle at Riverrun?
robb;Season 3;No
rickard kar;Season 3;Then its a distraction
robb;Season 3;My Uncle Edmure has his forces garrisoned there We need his men
rickard kar;Season 3;Unless hes been breeding them, he dont have enough to make a difference
robb;Season 3;Have you lost faith in our cause?
rickard kar;Season 3;If its revenge, I still got faith in it
robb;Season 3;If you no longer believe
rickard kar;Season 3;I can believe till it snows in Dorne Dont change the fact that weve got half the men
robb;Season 3;You dont think we can win?
rickard kar;Season 3;May I speak my mind, Your Grace?
robb;Season 3;Have you not been speaking your mind, Lord Karstark?
rickard kar;Season 3;I think you lost this war the day you married her
talisa;Season 3;Whoa, whoa
man;Season 3;Your Grace
catelyn;Season 3;Youre afraid of her And she knows it
talisa;Season 3;Im not afraid of her May I help you, Lady Stark?
catelyn;Season 3;No
talisa;Season 3;Im sorry, I shouldnt have
catelyn;Season 3;You cant help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them Only a mother can make them
talisa;Season 3;Youve made them before?
catelyn;Season 3;Twice
talisa;Season 3;Did they work?
catelyn;Season 3;After a fashion I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall
catelyn;Season 3;Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, hed live But it would be a very long night So I sat with him all through the darkness Listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering
talisa;Season 3;Which boy?
catelyn;Season 3;Jon Snow When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldnt bear to look at him I didnt want to see those brown strangers eyes staring up at me So I prayed to the gods, take him away Make him die He got the pox And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived A murderer Id condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother A woman he didnt even know So I prayed to all seven gods, let the boy live Let him live and Ill love him Ill be a mother to him Ill beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us
talisa;Season 3;And he lived
catelyn;Season 3;And he lived And I couldnt keep my promise And everything thats happened since then all this horror thats come to my family its all because I couldnt love a motherless child
mance;Season 3;Was it hard for you to kill the Halfhand?
jon;Season 3;Yes
mance;Season 3;You liked him? I like you, but if youre playing us false, it wont be hard for me to kill you Ive got wildling blood in my veins These are my people
jon;Season 3;I understand
mance;Season 3;Well, how could you understand?
jon;Season 3;You want to protect your people
mance;Season 3;Do you know what it takes to unite 90 clans, half of whom want to massacre the other half for one insult or another? They speak seven different languages in my army The Thenns hate the Hornfoots The Hornfoots hate the ice-river clans Everyone hates the cave people So you know how I got moon worshippers and cannibals and giants to march together in the same army?
jon;Season 3;No
mance;Season 3;I told them we were all going to die if we dont get south Because thats the truth
tormund;Season 3;Shouldnt be long now
jon;Season 3;Whats wrong with him?
mance;Season 3;Hes a warg He can enter the mind of animals, see through their eyes Hes scouting for us
ygritte;Season 3;What, youve never met a warg?
mance;Season 3;Orell
mance;Season 3;Where were you this time?
orell;Season 3;The Fist of the First Men
mance;Season 3;What did you see?
orell;Season 3;Dead crows
rast;Season 3;Whats the matter, Piggy? You crying cause youre cold? Theres 200 brothers killed by dead men and youre still here whimpering That seem fair to you? I seen em torn to pieces fighting while you was off somewhere hiding in a hole Why dont you lie down and rest for a while, eh? You know you want to
grenn;Season 3;Hey Get up, Sam
sam;Season 3;No
grenn;Season 3;Get up
sam;Season 3;I cant
grenn;Season 3;If you stop, youll die
eddison tollett;Season 3;Course if you dont stop, youll probably die, too
sam;Season 3;You dont care
eddison tollett;Season 3;Course we care
sam;Season 3;You left me When the white walkers came, you left me
eddison tollett;Season 3;Aye, we left you Youre fat and youre slow We didnt want to die
grenn;Season 3;Help me get him up
rast;Season 3;Looks like that piggy is done for
grenn;Season 3;Help us get him up
rast;Season 3;Hes slowing us down
grenn;Season 3;Just get him up
rast;Season 3;Why? So the rest of us can die? Well move faster without him
jeor;Season 3;What is this? Get up, Tarly Is he all right?
grenn;Season 3;Aye, I think so
rast;Season 3;If he cant, we may as well just go without him
jeor;Season 3;Thats enough Tarly, I forbid you to die Do you hear me?
rast;Season 3;Why should the rest of us
jeor;Season 3;Rast youre responsible for him
rast;Season 3;What am I supposed to do?
jeor;Season 3;Make sure he gets back alive If he doesnt, you dont Move on
rast;Season 3;Im not dying for you, Piggy You hear me?
bran;Season 3;Wheres Rickon and Hodor?
osha;Season 3;Looking for food
bran;Season 3;Whats out there?
osha;Season 3;Not another step, boy Unless you want to drown in your own blood
jojen;Season 3;Im unarmed
osha;Season 3;That was poor planning
jojen;Season 3;My sister carries the weapons
meera;Season 3;Im better with them Drop the spear
meera;Season 3;Drop it
osha;Season 3;If you kill me, that wolf will tear you to bits
jojen;Season 3;You must be Summer
jojen;Season 3;Im Jojen Reed This is my sister Meera Weve come a long way to find you, Brandon And we have much farther to go
gendry;Season 3;Im just trying to understand
arya;Season 3;Would you please shut up about it?
gendry;Season 3;Jaqen Hghar offered you three kills
arya;Season 3;Im not listening
gendry;Season 3;But just explain it to me He offered to kill any three people you wanted Dead All you had to do was give him the names Anyone You could have picked King Joffrey
arya;Season 3;Shut up
gendry;Season 3;You could have picked Tywin Lannister
arya;Season 3;Jaqen got us out of Harrenhal, so why are you complaining?
gendry;Season 3;But you could have ended the war
arya;Season 3;Where are we going?
gendry;Season 3;North
arya;Season 3;If we were going north, we should have come to the Red Fork River by now
gendry;Season 3;Maybe we already passed it
arya;Season 3;Its 100 feet wide How could we have passed it? If we hit the Red Fork, we can follow it west to Riverrun My mother grew up there My grandfather hes a lord Hell protect us
gendry;Season 3;Could be a minstrel
arya;Season 3;Shut up
thoros;Season 3;A lion still has claws HOT
pie;Season 3;A minstrels got gold sometimes We could jump him, tie him up, steal his gold, and buy some food
arya;Season 3;Shh
thoros;Season 3;And so he spoke, and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains Weep oer his hall With no one there to hear
thoros;Season 3;Whats lurking behind that wall? A lion? A wolf?
anguy;Season 3;Just a dirty little cub, I think
thoros;Season 3;Loose a few more shafts
arya;Season 3;Dont
thoros;Season 3;Put the sword down, girl
arya;Season 3;You go on down the road Just keep on singing so we know where you are Leave us be and I wont kill you
anguy;Season 3;Generous
thoros;Season 3;Youre a dangerous person I like dangerous people Why are your friends so shy?
arya;Season 3;What friends?
anguy;Season 3;The fat to your left and the lad beside him
thoros;Season 3;Three young ones on the run carrying castle-forged swords You escape from Harrenhal?
arya;Season 3;Who are you?
thoros;Season 3;Thoros of Myr And the fellow here with the bow is Anguy
arya;Season 3;No, who do you fight for?
thoros;Season 3;The Brotherhood without Banners Now come along I want to hear how two boys and a very dangerous girl escaped Harrenhal
hot pie;Season 3;Im not going with them The Brotherhood? Thats who the Mountain and them lot were looking for Theyll bring us back and put rats in us
thoros;Season 3;Youve got nothing to fear from us, son The lords of Westeros want to burn the countryside Were trying to save it Now come on Well talk some more over brown bread and stew And then you can go on your way
anguy;Season 3;Heres the thing
fat anguy;Season 3;When Im done talking, that arrows falling down on your fat head So I advise you move, because Im done talking
anguy;Season 3;Half the countrys starving and look at this one
thoros;Season 3;Maybe hes the reason half the countrys starving
shae;Season 3;My lion
tyrion;Season 3;Weve spoken of this You cannot come here
shae;Season 3;But you said I should come to you with any problems
tyrion;Season 3;Did anyone see you? No
shae;Season 3;No
tyrion;Season 3;You sure? My father does not make idle threats Having you killed would be the high point of his week You have to be absolutely certain
tyrion;Season 3;All right What is this problem?
shae;Season 3;Im worried about Sansa When she spoke with Lord Baelish, his friend warned me about him
tyrion;Season 3;Baelish doesnt have friends
shae;Season 3;I dont know her name
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, Ros? The redhead?
shae;Season 3;How do you know her?
tyrion;Season 3;I try to know as many people as I can You never know which one youll need
shae;Season 3;Shes a whore
tyrion;Season 3;Yes, well, we shouldnt be judgmental about these things
shae;Season 3;You fucked her
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, please All right, yes, I fucked her once Twice
tyrion;Season 3;But since I met you, my lady, Ive been with no one else
shae;Season 3;And was she good? Did you like her?
tyrion;Season 3;Not as much as I like you, obviously, or shed be the one torturing me right now What did she say about Littlefinger?
shae;Season 3;That Sansa shouldnt trust him
tyrion;Season 3;Is there an idiot in any village who trusts Littlefinger?
shae;Season 3;We have to protect her
tyrion;Season 3;We cant Now that the Lannisters have discarded her, Sansa will have many suitors A great beauty with a very old name
shae;Season 3;A great beauty? Oh, a great beauty?
tyrion;Season 3;Yes, she is, objectively, very Her face is quite pleasing-to other men and to women, people in general But not to me, of course I only have eyes for you
shae;Season 3;You pervert You want her? This child?
tyrion;Season 3;I dont even want to talk about her
shae;Season 3;But you are
tyrion;Season 3;Only because youre making me
shae;Season 3;I didnt force you to open your mouth and make words come out
tyrion;Season 3;This is cruel and unfair Cruelly unfair
shae;Season 3;Oh, the cruelty Shae is so cruel to me
tyrion;Season 3;Hmm, yes
shae;Season 3;Now do you think Im cruel?
tyrion;Season 3;Only if you stop But you mustnt come here again
tyrion;Season 3;Do you hear me? Youve come to a dangerous place full of dangerous people Dangerous people
guard;Season 3;Lady Tyrell, my king
joffrey;Season 3;Send her in
margaery;Season 3;You wanted to see me, Your Grace?
joffrey;Season 3;Im leaving on a hunting trip I just wanted to make sure you had everything you need before I left
margaery;Season 3;Thats very thoughtful, Your Grace I have everything I could want
joffrey;Season 3;Good Good How are you finding life in the capital? It must be quite a change after Renlys camp
margaery;Season 3;A welcome one A military encampment is no place for a lady
joffrey;Season 3;And the bedside of a traitor? Is that a place for a lady?
margaery;Season 3;Your Grace, I tried to do my duty as a wife, that is all
joffrey;Season 3;What was your duty to this traitor as you saw it?
margaery;Season 3;The duty of any wife to any husband-to provide him with children
joffrey;Season 3;You failed to do this
margaery;Season 3;Why? I-I would not speak ill of the dead, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;You think one ought to speak kindly of a traitor merely because hes had a sword put through his heart?
margaery;Season 3;No I do beg your pardon The subtleties of politics are often lost on me Renly I dont believe he was interested in the company of women
joffrey;Season 3;What makes you say this?
margaery;Season 3;Whenever I wanted to make a child with him, he-he had so many excuses, so many late-night war councils He never wanted to try Except one evening, after hed had far too much wine to drink, he suggested something-something that sounded very painful and couldnt possibly result in children Maybe the fault was with me
joffrey;Season 3;No, he was a known degenerate
margaery;Season 3;Its such a relief to hear you say so, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;Mmm Ive considered making his perversion punishable by death
margaery;Season 3;As is your right You must do whatever you need to do
margaery;Season 3;You are the king
joffrey;Season 3;Yes I am
joffrey;Season 3;Do you like it? I just had it made Probably one of the finest weapons in the Seven Kingdoms
margaery;Season 3;Its beautiful Will you show me how it works?
joffrey;Season 3;Its a new design Much easier to load Theres no crank You use this lever to draw the string
joffrey;Season 3;The bolt goes here
joffrey;Season 3;And then you just aim and
margaery;Season 3;Would you take me hunting sometime? Forgive me, Your Grace I know a hunt is no place for a woman
joffrey;Season 3;Its not unheard of
margaery;Season 3;My father would never let me before
joffrey;Season 3;You no longer belong to him Do you want to hold it?
margaery;Season 3;May I? Please
margaery;Season 3;I imagine it must be so exciting to squeeze your finger here and watch something die over there
joffrey;Season 3;Could you do it? Could you kill something?
margaery;Season 3;I dont know, Your Grace Do you think I could?
joffrey;Season 3;Yes
margaery;Season 3;Would you like to watch me?
joffrey;Season 3;Yes
theon;Season 3;Stop! Stop
torturer;Season 3;Tell us the truth
theon;Season 3;About what?
theon;Season 3;I dont know what you want
torturer;Season 3;I want the truth
theon;Season 3;What truth?
torturer;Season 3;Whyd you take Winterfell?
theon;Season 3;I took it to-I took it
torturer;Season 3;Who gave the orders?
theon;Season 3;No one I took it on my own
torturer;Season 3;Why?
theon;Season 3;To take the North while it was vulnerable
torturer;Season 3;What were you going to do once you took it?
theon;Season 3;Hold it Rule it
torturer;Season 3;Good Thats very good
theon;Season 3;Why did you do that?
torturer;Season 3;I told you Why did you take Winterfell?
theon;Season 3;I took it to bring glory to my house and my father
theon;Season 3;Wait Wait, wait, wait I took it because I hated the Starks I hated them for holding me prisoner I wanted to hurt them
theon;Season 3;What are you doing?
theon;Season 3;Please
theon;Season 3;Ill tell you anything Just take it off Please Please, just take it off
ramsay;Season 3;Your sister sent me
theon;Season 3;Yara?
ramsay;Season 3;Ill come for you tonight when the castle sleeps
theon;Season 3;No, dont go Please, please No, please dont leave me Please, please Please, please dont go! Please Please Dont leave me Please dont go
osha;Season 3;Rickon, stay with us
bran;Season 3;Its all right The wolves will protect him
jojen;Season 3;You can get inside his head, see through his eyes
bran;Season 3;Only when Im asleep
jojen;Season 3;Thats how it begins until you learn to control it Youre a warg
bran;Season 3;Its not just wolves Sometimes in my dreams theres a
jojen;Season 3;A three-eyed raven?
bran;Season 3;Youve seen it?
jojen;Season 3;We saw him together You havent forgotten?
bran;Season 3;Does it have anything to do with warging?
jojen;Season 3;No, the raven is something different, something deeper The raven brings the sight
bran;Season 3;Seeing things that havent happened yet?
jojen;Season 3;Or things that happened long before you were born or things that are happening right now thousands of miles away
osha;Season 3;Whats he telling him?
meera;Season 3;Why dont you ask?
osha;Season 3;Isnt he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
meera;Season 3;Wheres the shame in that?
osha;Season 3;Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting
meera;Season 3;Some people will always need help That doesnt mean theyre not worth helping
bran;Season 3;When my father died, I dreamt it
jojen;Season 3;You didnt dream it You saw it So did I
bran;Season 3;You have the sight, too?
jojen;Season 3;When I told my father about your father for the first time in my life, I saw him cry
bran;Season 3;Your father is Howland Reed? Yeah
jojen;Season 3;Yeah
bran;Season 3;He saved my fathers life during the rebellion
jojen;Season 3;Your father told you about the rebellion? Mine never did But I saw that, too
bran;Season 3;What else have you seen?
jojen;Season 3;Only one thing that matters-you
man;Season 3;I never liked the skinny ones Like drinking from a puddle Not that Im averse to drinking from a puddle every now and again, you understand
arya;Season 3;I dont drink ale
thoros;Season 3;Theres no story so good a drink wont make it better
man;Season 3;Yeah
thoros;Season 3;You see? Theyve all suffered through my bouts of sobriety Its very tedious for all concerned Now, how did three children
arya;Season 3;Were not children
thoros;Season 3;How did three young persons such as yourselves, untrained in the art of war, escape from Harrenhal?
arya;Season 3;Gendrys a smith He was apprenticed in the armory
thoros;Season 3;A smith, eh? Whered you train?
gendry;Season 3;Kings Landing Tobho Motts shop
thoros;Season 3;That criminal He charges twice as much as every other armorer in the city
gendry;Season 3;Thats because hes twice as good
thoros;Season 3;Aha! A smith and a salesman
arya;Season 3;Gendry stole us weapons
thoros;Season 3;Ah, fought your way out of Harrenhal, I see
arya;Season 3;He knows how to use a sword and so do I
arya;Season 3;My brothers taught me
men;Season 3;Ooh
thoros;Season 3;To your brothers
thoros;Season 3;You can finish your meals before you go It may be awhile before you see another
arya;Season 3;Youll free us?
thoros;Season 3;I gave you my word But before you go, allow me to raise a cup to your
anguy;Season 3;Hey, hey
thoros;Season 3;Now that is an uncommonly large person How does one manage to subdue such an uncommonly large person?
anguy;Season 3;One waits for him to drink until he passes out
thoros;Season 3;Poor man You have my sympathy
thoros;Season 3;Aha, not a man at all A Hound
thoros;Season 3;So good to see you again, Clegane
sandor;Season 3;Thoros? The fuck you doing here?
thoros;Season 3;Drinking and talking too much Same as ever
thoros;Season 3;A pretty prize, lads
men;Season 3;Yeah
sandor;Season 3;Girl
sandor;Season 3;What in seven hells are you doing with the Stark bitch?
jaime;Season 3;Its a tough decision-take the bridge and risk being seen or cross the great water
brienne;Season 3;Silence, Kingslayer
jaime;Season 3;Anyone can see us on the bridge, but cross by water and the current could take us or I could escape down the river
brienne;Season 3;Good luck
jaime;Season 3;Its wonderful to watch you wrestle with these dilemmas Which will she choose?
jaime;Season 3;Gambler at heart Wouldnt have guessed
brienne;Season 3;Be quick about it
jaime;Season 3;I need to rest
brienne;Season 3;Get up
jaime;Season 3;I have these, you know, on your feet when you walk too far What do you call them?
brienne;Season 3;Get up now
jaime;Season 3;Corns I never used to get corns Of course I used to ride everywhere, not march around like a common foot soldier wearing the same shit boots for over a year
jaime;Season 3;This heel is ruined Theres no way
jaime;Season 3;I never understood why some knights felt the need to carry two swords
jaime;Season 3;Ooh You move well for a great beast of a woman
jaime;Season 3;You shouldnt grimace before you lunge It gives away the game
jaime;Season 3;Bit of a quandary for you If you kill me, you fail Lady Stark But if you dont kill me, Im going to kill you
jaime;Season 3;Youre good Graceless, but good
jaime;Season 3;See? If you were willing to hurt me, you might have had me there
locke;Season 3;Looks like your womans getting the better of you, if you can call that a woman
jaime;Season 3;We enjoy a good fight Gets our juices flowing The Flayed Man of House Bolton A bit gruesome for my taste
locke;Season 3;You sure hes the one?
man;Season 3;Thats him, all right I saw him fight at the tourney for Ser Willem Freys wedding
locke;Season 3;Give the man his silver
jaime;Season 3;Let us go and my father will pay you whatever you want
edmure;Season 3;If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing-
brynden;Season 3;Why dont you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And dont call him nephew He is your king
edmure;Season 3;Robb knows I meant him no disr-
brynden;Season 3;Youre lucky Im not your king I wouldnt let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag
edmure;Season 3;My blunder sent Tywins mad scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs I think King Robb understands were not gonna win this war if hes the only one winning any battles No, theres glory enough to go around
robb;Season 3;Its not about glory Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you
edmure;Season 3;I seized an opportunity
robb;Season 3;What value was the mill?
edmure;Season 3;The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it
robb;Season 3;Is he there now? Of course not
edmure;Season 3;We took the fight to him He could not withstand us
robb;Season 3;I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad without a strategic thought in his head I could have that head on a spike by now Instead, I have a mill
edmure;Season 3;We took hostages Willem Lannister Martyn Lannister
robb;Season 3;Willem and Martyn Lannister are 14 years old
brynden;Season 3;Martyn is 15, I believe
robb;Season 3;Tywin Lannister has my sisters Have I sued for peace?
edmure;Season 3;No
robb;Season 3;Do you think hell sue for peace because we have his fathers brothers great-grandsons?
edmure;Season 3;No
robb;Season 3;How many men did you lose?
edmure;Season 3;But for every man we lost, the Lannisters-
robb;Season 3;We need our men more than Tywin needs his
edmure;Season 3;Im sorry I didnt know
robb;Season 3;You would have Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient
brynden;Season 3;We seem to be running short of patience here
robb;Season 3;You know who isnt? Tywin Lannister TYWIN stands by the head of the table PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER enter silently enters next TYWIN sits, then PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER join him remains still, while CERSEI enters and surveys the room She pauses, then walks to the table She picks up one of the two remaining empty chairs and places it directly next to TYWIN, then sits while the others smirk comes forward, and drags the final chair noisily to the opposite head of the table
tyrion;Season 3;Intimate Lovely table Better chairs than the old small council chamber Conveniently close to your own quarters I like it
tywin;Season 3;What news of Jaime?
tywin;Season 3;20,000 unwashed northerns have known about his escape for weeks Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion of where he is?
varys;Season 3;We are trying, my lord
tywin;Season 3;Try harder What do we have, then?
varys;Season 3;Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather Lord Hoster Tully In Starks absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal, which would seem to make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name
tywin;Season 3;Well, let him have it The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn
littlefinger;Season 3;For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children She has always been positively predisposed toward me
pycelle;Season 3;A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish acting Lord of the Vale
littlefinger;Season 3;Titles do seem to breed titles
tywin;Season 3;Youll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold Then the young wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who have taken up arms against him
tyrion;Season 3;Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelishs absence would present certain problems The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory Summer has ended, hard days lie ahead Not a good time to leave the crowns finances unattended
tywin;Season 3;Fully agreed Which is why Im naming you new Master of Coin
tyrion;Season 3;Master of Coin?
tywin;Season 3;It would appear to be a position that best suits your talents
tyrion;Season 3;Im quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasnt taught me much about managing it
cersei;Season 3;I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge
pycelle;Season 3;Hear, hear
men;Season 3;He lifted her high in the air He sniffed and roared and smelled her there She kicked and wailed, a maid so fair But he licked the honey from her hair From there to here, from here to there All black and brown and covered with hair He smelled that girl in the summer air The bear, the bear and the maiden fair
jaime;Season 3;I hope youre pleased If you had armed me, they never would have taken us
brienne;Season 3;You were armed when we were taken
jaime;Season 3;I was in chains if you recall Our little match would have ended quite quick if my hands werent bound
brienne;Season 3;All my life Ive been hearing, Jaime Lannister, what a brilliant swordsman You were slower than I expected And more predictable
jaime;Season 3;Ive been sitting in a muddy pen wrapped in chains for the past year
brienne;Season 3;And Im a woman I was still beating you
jaime;Season 3;You were not beating me
brienne;Season 3;Maybe you were as good as people said once Or maybe people just love to overpraise a famous name
jaime;Season 3;When we make camp tonight, youll be raped More than once None of these fellows have ever been with a noblewoman Youd be wise not to resist
brienne;Season 3;Would I?
jaime;Season 3;Theyll knock your teeth out
brienne;Season 3;You think I care about my teeth?
jaime;Season 3;No, I dont think you care about your teeth If you fight them, they will kill you Do you understand? Im the prisoner of value, not you Let them have what they want What does it matter?
brienne;Season 3;What does it matter?
jaime;Season 3;Close your eyes Pretend theyre Renly
brienne;Season 3;If you were a woman, you wouldnt resist? Youd let them do what they wanted?
jaime;Season 3;If I was a woman, Id make them kill me But Im not, thank the gods
gendry;Season 3;If I had a proper forge, I could make it good as new
thoros;Season 3;Doesnt have to look pretty It just has to keep the arrows out of my heart
arya;Season 3;Why are you helping him? He takes us prisoner and now hes our friend?
thoros;Season 3;Youre not our prisoner, little lady
arya;Season 3;What am I?
thoros;Season 3;Our guest No ones put any chains on you
arya;Season 3;So I can walk away, then?
thoros;Season 3;These woods arent safe for Ned Starks daughter oure lucky we found you
sandor;Season 3;You think youre good with that bow, you little twat?
anguy;Season 3;Better than anyone youve ever met
sandor;Season 3;A cowards weapon I like to fight up close I like to see a mans face when I put the steel in him
anguy;Season 3;Why? So you can kiss him?
arya;Season 3;You remember the last time you were here?
sandor;Season 3;Looks like every other shit inn on the road
anguy;Season 3;Now, apologies, but youre one ugly fucker and Id rather not see you no more
anguy;Season 3;Watch your head Off we go
driver;Season 3;Walk up
arya;Season 3;What are you doing? Were about to leave
hot pie;Season 3;Im staying
gendry;Season 3;Youre what?
hot pie;Season 3;I baked some brown bread for the innkeep and she said she never had better Told Thoros shes keeping me as a payment for all the free meals shes given him Anyway, its not me the Brotherhood wants My brother aint no king Im not a Stark of Winterhell
arya;Season 3;Winterfell
hot pie;Season 3;You sure?
arya;Season 3;Im sure
hot pie;Season 3;Well, I made you something
arya;Season 3;What is it?
hot pie;Season 3;Its a wolf
gendry;Season 3;Yes, it is
arya;Season 3;Thats the tail?
hot pie;Season 3;Yeah
gendry;Season 3;Well, be safe
hot pie;Season 3;Yeah, you, too Dont get stabbed
gendry;Season 3;You dont burn your fingers
arya;Season 3;Good-bye, Hot Pie
hot pie;Season 3;Good-bye, Arry
man;Season 3;Up you go, little lady
arya;Season 3;Hey, Hot Pie Its really good
catelyn;Season 3;A person could almost be forgiven for forgetting were at war
brynden;Season 3;It often comforts me to think that even in wars darkest days, in most places in the world absolutely nothing is happening
catelyn;Season 3;Ive missed you, Uncle Father missed you, too, from the day you left Maybe he never said it in so many words-
brynden;Season 3;Maybe? Your father was a stubborn old ox I was surprised when he died Didnt think death had the patience
catelyn;Season 3;Im glad you were with him I wish to the gods I had been Did you make peace in the end?
brynden;Season 3;After 30 years of fighting, I dont think he remembered what started it He asked me to stop calling myself Blackfish He said it was an old joke and it was never funny to begin with I told him people had been calling me Blackfish for so long, they dont remember my real name
catelyn;Season 3;Every time he would leave for the capital or fight in a campaign, Id see him off Wait for me, little Cat, hed say Wait for me and Ill come back to you And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting I wonder how many times did Bran or Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell waiting for me to return I will never see them again
brynden;Season 3;You mustnt think it We dont know the truth They could be in hiding Robb believes theyre alive And he must go on believing Hes got to remain strong if hes to prevail And you must remain strong for him
martyn;Season 3;Youre Robb Starks wife
talisa;Season 3;Hold still
martyn;Season 3;Is it true what they say about him?
talisa;Season 3;I dont know What do they say about him?
martyn;Season 3;That he can turn into a wolf at night
talisa;Season 3;True
martyn;Season 3;And he eats the flesh of his enemies
talisa;Season 3;True Youre a Lannister, arent you?
martyn;Season 3;Martyn Lannister
talisa;Season 3;Martyn Lannister Youve nothing to fear My husband doesnt eat children Unless its a full moon Its not a full moon tonight, is it? See? Nothing to fear
mance;Season 3;Always the artists
jon;Season 3;Its only horses No men
ygritte;Season 3;You said there was dead crows
orell;Season 3;There was
mance;Season 3;How many men were here?
jon;Season 3;About 300
mance;Season 3;And you know what those men are now?
mance;Season 3;Were all the same to them meat for their army
jon;Season 3;Do you think anyone got away?
mance;Season 3;Its not impossible You dont go far betting against Mormont But dead or alive, he took a big gamble coming north And he lost His best fighting men are dead And whether hes Lord Commander of the Nights Watch or a blue-eyed corpse, hes a long way from home Tormund Climb the Wall Take Orell and 20 good men And take this one He knows Castle Blacks defenses better than any of us And if hes useful, good If not throw him off the Wall See if crows can fly
tormund;Season 3;Were finally going to war, old friend?
mance;Season 3;Hide near Castle Black When I give the signal, hit them in the night Theyve got a big old wall to hide behind, but it only guards one side
tormund;Season 3;Well meet again
mance;Season 3;Aye If you do your job Ah
orell;Season 3;How will we see your signal?
mance;Season 3;Send your eagle above the Wall every night When its time, Im going to light the biggest fire the North has ever seen
sam;Season 3;Ghost?
craster;Season 3;What have we here? Frozen crows?
jeor;Season 3;Weve come a long way
craster;Season 3;Smaller flock than you went north with
jeor;Season 3;We can talk inside
craster;Season 3;Oh, can we?
woman;Season 3;They need some water
woman;Season 3;Tether it and Ill be inside
craster;Season 3;Keep your eyes where they belong Theyre not for you
karl tanner;Season 3;Bet you feed that pig better than you feed us
craster;Season 3;Aye, pigs got value to me You should all be kissing my feet for letting you in Id have turned you all away if I wasnt a godly man
jeor;Season 3;You are a godly man?
craster;Season 3;I am I got no fear of whats out there When the white cold comes, your swords and cloaks and bloody fires wont help you The only ones left will be those who are right with the gods The real gods
craster;Season 3;Go tell her she can bite down on a rag or she can bite down on my fist Women That sow right there gave birth to a litter of eight Barely a grunt And shes almost as fat as this one here Now why dont you dine on him? Carve off what you need as you go Well, look at him Hes a walking feast
woman;Season 3;Here we are
woman;Season 3;Sharpen these for me, would ya?
woman;Season 3;I see the head Push
woman;Season 3;Thats it Youre nearly there One more push should do it
gilly;Season 3;What is it? What is it?
ramsay;Season 3;Keep quiet
ramsey;Season 3;If you cant ride, we dont stand a chance
theon;Season 3;I can ride
ramsay;Season 3;Youre sure?
ramsay;Season 3;Ride east Follow the rising sun Your sisters waiting for you
theon;Season 3;Ill make you a Lord of the Iron Islands for this
ramsay;Season 3;Were not in the Iron Islands Go
theon;Season 3;Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on
man;Season 3;Come on back
stannis;Season 3;You refuse to tell me where youre going?
melisandre;Season 3;I dont know yet The fires will show me
stannis;Season 3;How long will you be gone?
melisandre;Season 3;I dont know
stannis;Season 3;Youre abandoning me
melisandre;Season 3;I will never abandon you You are the Son of Fire I am sworn to serve you
stannis;Season 3;Then serve me
melisandre;Season 3;When I return, you will understand
stannis;Season 3;My enemies think theyve destroyed me Theyre laughing at me the way Renly laughed at me I want Joffrey dead I want Robb Stark dead Make me another son
melisandre;Season 3;I cannot
stannis;Season 3;Why?
melisandre;Season 3;You dont have the strength It would kill you
stannis;Season 3;Im not so easily killed Men have been trying for years
stannis;Season 3;I want you
melisandre;Season 3;Your fires burn low, my king
melisandre;Season 3;There is another way A better way
stannis;Season 3;You told me your magic requires a kings blood
melisandre;Season 3;Yes
stannis;Season 3;Im the one true king
melisandre;Season 3;You are But there are others with your blood in their veins You will sit on the Iron Throne, but first there must be sacrifices The Lord of Light demands it
barristan;Season 3;The Walk of Punishment is a warning, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 3;To whom?
barristan;Season 3;To any slave who contemplates doing whatever these slaves did
daenerys;Season 3;Give me your water
jorah;Season 3;Khaleesi, this man has been sentenced to death
daenerys;Season 3;Here, drink
barristan;Season 3;Leave this place, Your Grace Leave tonight, I beg you
jorah;Season 3;And what is she to do for soldiers?
barristan;Season 3;We can find sellswords in Pentos and Myr
jorah;Season 3;Is it we already, Ser Barristan? If you want to sit on the throne your ancestors built, you must win it That will mean blood on your hands before the thing is done
daenerys;Season 3;The blood of my enemies, not the blood of innocents
jorah;Season 3;How many wars have you fought in, Ser Barristan?
barristan;Season 3;Three
jorah;Season 3;Have you ever seen a war where innocents didnt die by the thousands?
jorah;Season 3;I was in Kings Landing after the sack, khaleesi You know what I saw? Butchery Babies, children, old men More women raped than you can count Theres a beast in every man and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand But the Unsullied are not men They do not rape They do not put cities to the sword unless theyre ordered to do so If you buy them, the only men theyll kill are those you want dead
daenerys;Season 3;Do you disagree, Ser Barristan?
barristan;Season 3;When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because theyd been bought at a slavers auction I fought beside the last dragon on that day, Your Grace I bled beside him
jorah;Season 3;Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly, and Rhaegar died
daenerys;Season 3;Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?
barristan;Season 3;I did, Your Grace Finest man I ever met
daenerys;Season 3;I wish I had known him But he was not the last dragon
missandei;Season 3;All? Did this ones ears mishear, Your Grace?
daenerys;Season 3;They did not I want to buy them all
missandei;Season 3;She wants to buy them all
kraznys;Season 3;She cant afford them The slut thinks that she can flash her tits, and make us give her whatever she wants
missandei;Season 3;There are 8,000 Unsullied in Astapor Is this what you mean by all?
daenerys;Season 3;Yes 8,000 And the ones still in training as well
greizhen;Season 3;If they fail on the battlefield, they will shape Astapor
missandei;Season 3;Master Greizhen says they cannot sell half-trained boys If they fail on the battlefield, they will bring shame upon all of Astapor
daenerys;Season 3;I will have them all or take none Many will fall in battle Ill need the boys to pick up the swords they drop
kraznys;Season 3;The slut cannot pay for all of this
missandei;Season 3;Master Kraznys says you cannot afford this
kraznys;Season 3;Her ship will buy her 100 Unsullied, no more
missandei;Season 3;Your ship will buy you Because Master Kraznys is generous
kraznys;Season 3;And this is because I like the curve of her ass
missandei;Season 3;The gold you have left is worth 10
kraznys;Season 3;What is left will buy her 10 I will give her 20 if it stops her ignorant whimpering
missandei;Season 3;But good Master Kraznys will give you 20
kraznys;Season 3;Her Dothraki smell of shit but will be useful as pig feed
missandei;Season 3;The Dothraki you have with you-
kraznys;Season 3;I will give her 3 for those
missandei;Season 3;The Dothraki you have are not worth what they cost to feed, but Master Kraznys will give you three Unsullied for all of them
kraznys;Season 3;So, ask this beggar queen how will she pay for the remaining 7,877?
missandei;Season 3;Master Kraznys asks how you propose to pay for the remaining 7,877 unsullied
daenerys;Season 3;I have dragons Ill give you one
barristan;Season 3;You will win the throne with dragons, not slaves, Your Grace
jorah;Season 3;Khaleesi, please
kraznys;Season 3;Three dragons
daenerys;Season 3;One
kraznys;Season 3;Two
daenerys;Season 3;One
missandei;Season 3;They want the biggest one
daenerys;Season 3;Done
kraznys;Season 3;Done
daenerys;Season 3;Ill take you as well, now Youll be Master Kraznys gift to me A token of a bargain well struck
missandei;Season 3;She asks that you give me to her, as a present She asks that you do this now
jorah;Season 3;Khaleesi, a dragon is worth more than any army
barristan;Season 3;Aegon Targaryen proved that
daenerys;Season 3;Youre both here to advise me I value your advice, but if you ever question me in front of strangers again, youll be advising someone else Is that understood?
daenerys;Season 3;Do you have a name?
missandei;Season 3;This ones name is Missandei, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 3;Do you have a family? A mother and a father youd return to if you had the choice?
missandei;Season 3;No, Your Grace No family living
daenerys;Season 3;You belong to me now It is your duty to tell me the truth
missandei;Season 3;Yes, Your Grace Lying is a great offense Many of those on the Walk of Punishment were taken there for less
daenerys;Season 3;I offered water to one of the slaves dying on the Walk of Punishment Do you know what he said to me? Let me die
missandei;Season 3;There are no masters in the grave, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 3;Is it true what Master Kraznys told me about the Unsullied? About their obedience?
missandei;Season 3;All questions have been taken from them They obey, that is all Once they are yours, they are yours They will fall on their swords if you command it
daenerys;Season 3;And what about you? You know that Im taking you to war You may go hungry You may fall sick You may be killed
missandei;Season 3;Valar morghulis
daenerys;Season 3;Yes, all men must die But we are not men
tyrion;Season 3;A surprising place to keep the royal ledgers
littlefinger;Season 3;Im surprised youre surprised This is the safest place in the city
tyrion;Season 3;Not for bastards
ros;Season 3;Thats all of them, my lord
littlefinger;Season 3;Thank you, my dear
tyrion;Season 3;Pod Pod Take them outside Ill be there in a moment
podrick;Season 3;Yes, my lord
littlefinger;Season 3;I hear you owe that boy a significant debt
tyrion;Season 3;Only my life Not all that significant, Im afraid
littlefinger;Season 3;You should have him knighted
tyrion;Season 3;If only the Master of Coin had such power
littlefinger;Season 3;If only I owe you a significant debt Our redheaded friend You secured her release when the queen detained her
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, that Of course A simple misunderstanding
littlefinger;Season 3;Apparently, Her Grace believed that you two had some sort of special relationship
tyrion;Season 3;We dont I did fuck her once
littlefinger;Season 3;I know
tyrion;Season 3;But we dont
littlefinger;Season 3;I know But how would the queen get that idea?
tyrion;Season 3;Why dont you ask her? Any advice for me on my new position?
littlefinger;Season 3;Keep a low profile
tyrion;Season 3;If I had a gold dragon for every time I heard that joke, Id be richer than you are
littlefinger;Season 3;Well, you are richer than I am
tyrion;Season 3;Good point
littlefinger;Season 3;Theyre only numbers Numbers on paper Once you understand that, its easy to make them behave Trivial even You want a real challenge? Try whores
tyrion;Season 3;Ive tried quite a few Well, lots of work to do Enjoy the Eyrie
bronn;Season 3;Come on, Im here later Come on
bronn;Season 3;Tonight, then Looks like dull reading
tyrion;Season 3;You think all reading is dull reading
bronn;Season 3;Its an opinion I share with some of the finest men I know
tyrion;Season 3;The secret history of the Seven Kingdoms is written in these pages
bronn;Season 3;Unless Lord Twatbeard made up a bunch of numbers to hide what hes really up to
tyrion;Season 3;Unless he made it all up, yes Podrick, do keep up
podrick;Season 3;Yes, my lord
tyrion;Season 3;Podrick
podrick;Season 3;Yes, my lord?
tyrion;Season 3;After a long consultation with my colleague Ser Bronn, I finally found a suitable reward for the services youve provided over and above what might be considered reasonable Tell me, Pod, have you ever been with a woman?
podrick;Season 3;No, my lord
tyrion;Season 3;Wonderful Genna specializes in first-timers
bronn;Season 3;Shes not bad with second-timers, either
podrick;Season 3;Uh
tyrion;Season 3;A fair enough repayment for putting your spear through my would-be killers face, wouldnt you say?
tyrion;Season 3;Now, as it happens, Marei is quite the spear handler herself Shes here to thank you for staying by my side as the battle raged all around me
marei;Season 3;Hes handsome You didnt tell me he was handsome
tyrion;Season 3;Kayla is famous from here to Volantis in certain circles One of four women in the world who can perform a proper Meereenese Knot
podrick;Season 3;My lord
tyrion;Season 3;Shes here to thank you for being a thoroughly respectful fellow whos never once failed to address me as my lord
tyrion;Season 3;Be back in time for my supper
bronn;Season 3;Pace yourself, lad
tyrion;Season 3;For years Ive heard that Littlefinger is a magician Whenever the crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and, poof, mountains of gold
bronn;Season 3;Let me guess Hes not a magician
tyrion;Season 3;No
bronn;Season 3;Hes stealing it?
tyrion;Season 3;Worse, hes borrowing it
bronn;Season 3;Whats wrong with that?
tyrion;Season 3;We cant afford to pay it back, thats whats wrong with it The crown owes millions to my father
bronn;Season 3;Seeing as its his grandsons ass on the throne, I imagine hell forgive that debt
tyrion;Season 3;Forgive a debt, my father? For a man of the world, youre strangely naive
bronn;Season 3;Ive never borrowed money before Im not clear on the rules
tyrion;Season 3;Well Ahem! The basic principle is I lend you money, and after an agreed upon period of time, you return it with interest
bronn;Season 3;And what if I dont?
tyrion;Season 3;Well, you have to
bronn;Season 3;But what if I dont?
tyrion;Season 3;This is why I dont lend you money Anyway, its not my father Im worried about Its the Iron Bank of Braavos We owe them tens of millions If we fail to repay these loans, the bank will fund our enemies One way or another, they always get their gold back
tyrion;Season 3;Ah, the return of the conquering hero Does he have a little jaunt in his step?
bronn;Season 3;The lads practically skipping
tyrion;Season 3;You were gone a long time I trust you got your moneys worth Or should I say my moneys worth?
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, it was a gift, Podrick This is more than I give you in a year
bronn;Season 3;Hes a squire You dont pay him
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, then its much more than I give you in a year
podrick;Season 3;They wouldnt take it, my lord
bronn;Season 3;Maybe theyre trying to curry some favor with the new Master of Coin
tyrion;Season 3;Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? They were happy enough to take it when I gave it to them
bronn;Season 3;What did you tell them?
podrick;Season 3;I didnt tell them anything
tyrion;Season 3;What did you do to them?
podrick;Season 3;Lots of things
tyrion;Season 3;And they seemed to like these things?
podrick;Season 3;Yes, my lord
bronn;Season 3;Of course they seemed to like it Theyre paid to seem to like it
tyrion;Season 3;Only they werent paid
bronn;Season 3;What are you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free?
tyrion;Season 3;Is that what youre telling us? {PODRICK doesnt deny it
tyrion;Season 3;Sit down, Podrick
tyrion;Season 3;Were going to need details Copious details
theon;Season 3;Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on
soldier;Season 3;Ha! Ha
soldier;Season 3;You know how we deal with runaways here, do you?
soldier;Season 3;Take off his pants
theon;Season 3;No! No! No, no, no
soldier;Season 3;Im gonna fuck you into the dirt
theon;Season 3;No, please! No, no, no! No, dont
theon;Season 3;No, please! No! No
soldier;Season 3;You little bastard
ramsay;Season 3;Come, my lord
ramsay;Season 3;Youre a long way from home and winter is coming
locke;Season 3;Ill take the big bitch first When shes good and wet, you lot can finish her off
brienne;Season 3;My lord, I am Brienne of Tarth Lady Catelyn Stark commanded me to deliver Ser Jaime to Kings Landing
locke;Season 3;Catelyn Starks a treasonous cunt Orders were to take the Kingslayer alive Nobody said shit about you
man;Season 3;Youre only making it worse
locke;Season 3;Take her over there where its dark Id like a little privacy
man;Season 3;Come on
jaime;Season 3;You know who she is, dont you?
locke;Season 3;A big dumb bitch from who cares where Never been with a woman that big
jaime;Season 3;Shes Brienne of Tarth Her father is Lord Selwyn Tarth Heard of Tarth?
man;Season 3;Im gonna cut your throat
jaime;Season 3;They call it the Sapphire Isle Do you know why? Every sapphire in Westeros was mined on Tarth Sapphires are gemstones The blue ones
locke;Season 3;I know what they are
jaime;Season 3;Lord Selwyn would pay his daughters weight in sapphires if shes returned to him But only if shes alive, her honor unbesmirched
locke;Season 3;Bring her back here
man;Season 3;Yes, my lord Get up
man;Season 3;Come on
man;Season 3;Come on, on your feet
locke;Season 3;Unbesmirched
jaime;Season 3;Not defiled
locke;Season 3;Fancy word for a fancy man
jaime;Season 3;I hated to read as a child, but my father forced me to study the books every morning before I could practice with sword or horse Two hours every day holed up in the maesters chambers I learned a lot of fancy words
locke;Season 3;I bet you did
locke;Season 3;Your father, hed pay your weight in gold to get you back?
jaime;Season 3;Youll be a rich man till the end of your days And your sons will be rich men and their sons after them Lands, titles youll have them all The North cant win this war Youre a smart man You understand that We have the numbers We have the gold
locke;Season 3;Aye, you have both
jaime;Season 3;Fighting bravely for a losing cause is admirable Fighting for a winning cause is far more rewarding
locke;Season 3;Hard to argue with that
jaime;Season 3;Now that were speaking together man to man, I wonder if you need to keep me chained to this tree Im not asking to be freed from my constraints, but if I could sleep lying down, my back would thank you for it Im not as young and resilient as I was once
locke;Season 3;None of us are Unchain Ser Jaime from the tree
man;Season 3;Come on, men
locke;Season 3;Suppose youll be wanting something to eat
jaime;Season 3;Im famished, actually
locke;Season 3;I think weve got a spare partridge on the fire
jaime;Season 3;Well, I do like partridge
locke;Season 3;Bring the bird over here and the carving knife Will this work as a table, my lord?
jaime;Season 3;Oh, yes Yes, this will do nic ah
locke;Season 3;On the stump
locke;Season 3;You think youre the smartest man there is That everyone alive has to bow and scrape and lick your boots
jaime;Season 3;My father-
locke;Season 3;And if you get in any trouble, all youve got to do is say my father and thats it, all your troubles are gone
jaime;Season 3;Dont
locke;Season 3;Have you got something to say?
locke;Season 3;Careful You dont want to say the wrong thing Youre nothing without your daddy, and your daddy aint here Never forget that
man;Season 3;How many of those fingers do you think we could shove up his ass?
locke;Season 3;Depends if hes had any practice Is that the sort of thing you and your sister go in for, Kingslayer? She loosened you up for us?
brienne;Season 3;Hes going to fall Hes going to fall off his horse Someone help him
jaime;Season 3;Water Water Please, water Wa-water Water, please Please Please
jaime;Season 3;If I die, you wont be getting-
locke;Season 3;Oh, enough Here
locke;Season 3;Cant say that Ive ever seen a man drink horse piss that fast
brienne;Season 3;Stop
man;Season 3;Far enough
locke;Season 3;Do that again and Ill take your other hand
man;Season 3;Come on, you
varys;Season 3;Oh, Lord Tyrion Come in, come in
tyrion;Season 3;I hope we might speak In confidence
varys;Season 3;Oh, always in confidence
tyrion;Season 3;About the events of the Blackwater Perhaps this is the wrong time?
varys;Season 3;Oh, no Its a wonderful time
tyrion;Season 3;I thought one of your little birds might have knowledge of my sisters intentions to-
varys;Season 3;End your life?
tyrion;Season 3;I didnt inherit Littlefingers spies along with his position, Im afraid Which is why Im coming to you I need proof
varys;Season 3;Proof? Will there be a trial?
tyrion;Season 3;I need to know
varys;Season 3;I have no proof, only whispers Before all this nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut Do you want to hear it still?
tyrion;Season 3;I dont know Do I?
varys;Season 3;As a boy, I travelled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities One day in Myr, a certain man made my master an offer too tempting to refuse I feared the man meant to use me as Id heard some men used small boys But what he wanted was far worse He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses With a hooked blade he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while He burned my parts in a brazier The flames turned blue and I heard a voice answer his call I still dream of that night Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade I dream of the voice from the flames Was it a god? A demon? A conjurors trick? I dont know But the sorcerer called and a voice answered And ever since that day, I have hated magic and all those who practice it But you can see why I was eager to aid in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess A symbolic revenge of sorts
tyrion;Season 3;Yes, ahem I feel the need for actual revenge against the actual person who tried to have me killed Which will require a degree of influence, which-
varys;Season 3;You do not possess at the moment
varys;Season 3;But influence is largely a matter of patience, I have found Once I had served the sorcerers purpose, he threw me out of his house to die I resolved to live to spite him I begged I sold what parts of my body remained to me I became an excellent thief and soon learned that the contents of a mans letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse Step by step, one distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr to the small council chamber Influence grows like a weed I tended mine patiently until its tendrils reached from the Red Keep all the way across to the far side of the world where I managed to wrap them around something very special
tyrion;Season 3;The sorcerer
varys;Season 3;Hello, my old friend Its been a long time I have no doubt the revenge you want will be yours in time if you have the stomach for it
grenn;Season 3;When people talk about the Nights Watch, they never mention the shoveling
eddison;Season 3;Or the shit
grenn;Season 3;They tell you about honor, pardoning crimes, and protecting the realm, but shoveling really is most of it
eddison;Season 3;And getting attacked or killed or worse And that
grenn;Season 3;But when youre not getting attacked or killed, usually youre shoveling
eddison;Season 3;Oh, look More shit I was starting to wonder what to do with the rest of my day
rast;Season 3;We need to get out of here
grenn;Season 3;When the Lord Commander says we go, we go
rast;Season 3;The Lord Commander told us to go to the Fist of the First Men Howd that turn out for us?
eddison;Season 3;He had no way of knowing
rast;Season 3;We do now We know whats out there
grenn;Season 3;Crasters been out here surviving
rast;Season 3;So hes your new protector now? Our good friend Craster?
eddison;Season 3;Were like the sons he never had
rast;Season 3;Mormont isnt gonna save you This lummox here isnt gonna save you When the walkers come calling, Craster will serve us up like so many pigs If we want to live well have to look out for ourselves
gilly;Season 3;Shh, shh, shh
gilly;Season 3;You woke him
sam;Season 3;Im sorry Hes beautiful
gilly;Season 3;Shh
sam;Season 3;Hes beautiful Does he have a name?
gilly;Season 3;No
sam;Season 3;Are you going to give him one?
gilly;Season 3;Why?
gilly;Season 3;Here
sam;Season 3;Gilly
gilly;Season 3;You said to hold it for you until you came back Youre back
sam;Season 3;I wanted you to have it
gilly;Season 3;I dont want your stupid thimble I want to save my babys life Can you do that? Can you?
gilly;Season 3;I dont have time for you I dont have time for anyone but him because he doesnt have much time
jojen;Season 3;You have to go after him
bran;Season 3;How?
jojen;Season 3;You know how
catelyn;Season 3;Brandon
bran;Season 3;Mother
catelyn;Season 3;How many times have I told you? No climbing
bran;Season 3;Mother, I need to find it Its here Its calling me
catelyn;Season 3;I want you to promise me No more climbing
catelyn;Season 3;Promise me Promise me! Promise me
bran;Season 3;Mother! Mother
catelyn;Season 3;Promise me! Promise me, Bran! Promise me
varys;Season 3;Is he very large?
ros;Season 3;No larger than usual, apparently And yet they said that he was-
varys;Season 3;Extraordinary
ros;Season 3;The most extraordinary man theyve ever had And theyve had a lot of men
varys;Season 3;Were talking about the same Podrick? The quiet boy in Lord Tyrions service? Seems a bit simple?
varys;Season 3;What did he do to them?
ros;Season 3;I dont know, my lord The girls are usually quite descriptive
varys;Season 3;So what did they say?
ros;Season 3;They said it was hard to describe
varys;Season 3;Huh Prodigies appear in the oddest of places And what did Littlefinger say about this loss of income?
ros;Season 3;He was too preoccupied to notice Hes leaving for the Eyrie soon Im helping him prepare for his journey
varys;Season 3;Ah, yes, to pursue his enduring love of the Lady Arryn and the title that comes with her Sad, really Is that all it takes to make our friend lose interest in poor Sansa Stark?
ros;Season 3;He hasnt spoken to her since the last time, as far as I know But I dont think hes lost interest
varys;Season 3;What makes you say so?
ros;Season 3;His shipboard inventory
varys;Season 3;Ah You can read Rare for a woman in your profession
ros;Season 3;Former profession
varys;Season 3;Of course Im missing something obvious youre about to point out?
ros;Season 3;Two featherbeds Hes bringing two featherbeds for the cabin
varys;Season 3;Who is important enough to Littlefinger to merit a featherbed besides Littlefinger? Could he be bringing one of his girls?
ros;Season 3;Hes not interested in them, my lord
varys;Season 3;How do you know?
ros;Season 3;Because Im one of his girls
varys;Season 3;Prodigies in odd places indeed
joffrey;Season 3;Rhaenyra Targaryen was murdered by her brother, or rather his dragon It ate her while her son watched Whats left of her is buried in the crypts right down there
cersei;Season 3;The ceremony is traditionally held in the main sanctum, which seats 700 comfortably
olenna;Season 3;There appears to be a good deal of room elsewhere on the premises for everyone else
cersei;Season 3;There arent more than 700 people of any importance
olenna;Season 3;No, the rest are there to look adoringly upon the 700 to remind them how superior they must be to have the best seats
joffrey;Season 3;Over there in that urn, the ashes of Aerion Targaryen Aerion Brightflame they called him He thought drinking wildfire would turn him into a dragon
joffrey;Season 3;He was wrong And, of course, theres the Mad King, killed by my uncle Would you like to see where the last Targaryens are buried?
cersei;Season 3;Are you sure Lady Margaery doesnt find all this a bit macabre?
margaery;Season 3;Oh, no, its quite all right, Your Grace Id love to see their tombs, really Its like taking a walk through history
joffrey;Season 3;The tombs just up here
margaery;Season 3;This is so exciting
olenna;Season 3;You were married here, Your Grace?
cersei;Season 3;Yes
olenna;Season 3;Must seem like only yesterday
cersei;Season 3;Seems like a lifetime ago
olenna;Season 3;Your husband, was he buried here as well?
cersei;Season 3;No, he wanted his remains returned to Storms End
olenna;Season 3;Such a tragedy
cersei;Season 3;A fairly predictable tragedy Hunting and drinking dont mix
olenna;Season 3;I should say not My sons a hunter It helps him forget hes never been within a mile of a real battle
cersei;Season 3;I seem to recall he laid siege to Storms End for the better part of a year
olenna;Season 3;All he laid siege to was the banquet table in the command tent
olenna;Season 3;I told him to stay out of Roberts rebellion He had no business fighting an actual warrior We mothers do what we can to keep our sons from the grave But they do seem to yearn for it We shower them with good sense, and it slides right off like rain off a wing
cersei;Season 3;And yet the world belongs to them
olenna;Season 3;A ridiculous arrangement, to my mind
cersei;Season 3;The gods have seen fit to make it so
joffrey;Season 3;My father didnt want them here He was going to have their bodies burned and thrown in the Blackwater, but the High Septon convinced him otherwise
margaery;Season 3;Im glad he did Im sorry, Your Grace I know they did terrible things at the end, but their ancestors built this Sometimes severity is the price we pay for greatness
joffrey;Season 3;I couldnt agree more
margaery;Season 3;Shall we go and see them? If you give them your love, they will return it a thousandfold Ive spoken with them I know how they feel about you You led the defense of Kings Landing They adore you
joffrey;Season 3;Open the doors
cersei;Season 3;Joffrey Wait
woman;Season 3;Lady Margaery
woman;Season 3;Lady Margaery
woman;Season 3;Bless you, Lady Margaery
woman;Season 3;Lady Margaery
woman;Season 3;Lady Margaery
woman;Season 3;Margaery
woman;Season 3;Long live Lady Margaery
man;Season 3;King Joffrey
woman;Season 3;King Joffrey
woman;Season 3;King Joffrey
man;Season 3;King Joffrey
man;Season 3;Gods bless King Joffrey
theon;Season 3;How far is it to Deepwood Motte?
ramsay;Season 3;Not far, my lord Your sister is waiting for you there
theon;Season 3;She sent you to save me?
ramsay;Season 3;Yes I served them, the men who were torturing you I did what they told me and waited for the right moment
theon;Season 3;Why would you risk your life for me?
ramsay;Season 3;I grew up on Saltcliffe, my lord I was only a boy when they took you away My father brought me and my brothers up to the bluffs so we could watch the ship that carried you off I remember the look on my fathers face when he told us, Thats Balon Greyjoys last living son And those are the words I heard over and over again when I saw what they were doing to you
theon;Season 3;Those men, they said my father knew what they were doing to me Did he?
ramsay;Season 3;I I dont know, my lord They they never told me much
theon;Season 3;My sisters men are loyal to her We dont need to hide from them
ramsay;Season 3;Not all those are your sisters men Some of them are loyal to your father
ramsay;Season 3;What is it?
theon;Season 3;I was just thinking how jealous I was when my father told Yara to take this place
ramsay;Season 3;What did he tell you to do?
theon;Season 3;Raid fishing villages He didnt trust me Thought I was a Stark Ha I could never be a Stark Robb Stark always reminded me of that
ramsay;Season 3;He lorded it over you?
theon;Season 3;Didnt have to All he had to do was be Be who he was born to be His life fit him better than his clothes How could someone like that ever be a brother to me? Hes the King in the North
theon;Season 3;And me my father gave me a choice and I made it I could never be a Stark But ironborn, thats what I was born to be I paid the iron price for Winterfell I murdered those boys
ramsay;Season 3;The Stark boys?
theon;Season 3;Never found them Just some poor orphans living with a farmer I let Dagmer slit their throats and I let him burn the bodies so I could keep Winterfell and make my father proud
ramsay;Season 3;Maybe its not too late
theon;Season 3;It is My real father lost his head at Kings Landing I made a choice and I chose wrong And now Ive burned everything down
ramsay;Season 3;Not everything, my lord Shes up here
theon;Season 3;Yara
ramsay;Season 3;Shh Wait
ramsay;Season 3;I brought him back He killed the others
theon;Season 3;What? No, I didnt
theon;Season 3;You cant! No, please stop! No
ramsay;Season 3;Put him back where he belongs
brienne;Season 3;Eat What are you doing?
jaime;Season 3;Im dying
brienne;Season 3;You cant die You need to live to take revenge
jaime;Season 3;I dont care about revenge
brienne;Season 3;You coward A little misfortune and youre giving up
jaime;Season 3;Misfor misfortune?
brienne;Season 3;You lost your hand
jaime;Season 3;My sword hand I was that hand
brienne;Season 3;You have a taste one taste of the real world where people have important things taken from them and you whine and cry and quit You sound like a bloody woman
brienne;Season 3;I know what you did for me You told them Tarth was full of sapphires Its called the Sapphire Isle because of the blue of its water You knew that Why did you help me?
tywin;Season 3;You wanted to speak to me?
cersei;Season 3;Yes, about Jaime
tywin;Season 3;What about him?
cersei;Season 3;I wanted to make sure were doing everything we can to get him back
tywin;Season 3;When Catelyn Stark took Tyrion prisoner what did I do in response?
cersei;Season 3;You started a war
tywin;Season 3;And if I would start a war for that lecherous little stump, what do you think I am doing for my oldest son and heir?
cersei;Season 3;Whatever you can
tywin;Season 3;Whatever I can
tywin;Season 3;Youre still here
cersei;Season 3;Yes
tywin;Season 3;Why?
cersei;Season 3;Did it ever occur to you that I might be the one who deserves your confidence and your trust, not your sons? Not Jaime or Tyrion, but me Years and years of lectures on family and legacy the same lecture, really, just with tiny, tedious variations did it ever occur to you that your daughter might be the only one listening to them? Living by them? That she might have the most to contribute to your legacy that you love so much more than your actual children?
tywin;Season 3;All right Contribute
cersei;Season 3;The Tyrells are a problem
tywin;Season 3;The Tyrells helped us defeat Stannis Baratheon The Tyrells saved your life, your childrens lives
cersei;Season 3;Margaery has her claws in Joffrey She knows how to manipulate him
tywin;Season 3;Good I wish you knew how to manipulate him I dont distrust you because youre a woman I distrust you because youre not as smart as you think you are Youve allowed that boy to ride roughshod over you and everyone else in this city
cersei;Season 3;Perhaps you should try stopping him from doing what he likes
tywin;Season 3;I will
maid;Season 3;Do you like it, Nana?
olenna;Season 3;Another golden rose How original I eat from plates stamped with roses I sleep in sheets embroidered with roses I have a golden rose painted on my chamber pot, as if that makes it smell any better Roses are boring, dear Growing strong Ha! The dullest words of any house Winter is coming! Now thats memorable We do not sow Strong Strong Those are houses you watch out for Direwolves and krakens, fierce beasts But a golden rose growing strong ha, that strikes fear in the heart
olenna;Season 3;Look, little loves A spider in the garden Run along now Grow strong
varys;Season 3;My lady I wanted to personally welcome you to Kings Landing The city has been made brighter by your presence
olenna;Season 3;The city is made brighter by my presence? Is that your usual line, Lord Varys? Are you here to seduce me?
varys;Season 3;A little obvious, perhaps
olenna;Season 3;Oh, no, please Seduce away Its been so long Though I rather think its all for naught What happens when the nonexistent bumps against the decrepit? A question for the philosophers But youve come mincing all this way for something So?
varys;Season 3;Might I sit?
olenna;Season 3;No Come, Ive heard youre such a clever man Im curious why youve sought me out
varys;Season 3;Youve taken an interest in Sansa Stark
olenna;Season 3;Have I? Because I spoke to her once in this garden and one of your little spies came running to tell you? Why shouldnt I take an interest? Shes an interesting girl
varys;Season 3;Is she?
olenna;Season 3;No, not particularly But shes had an interesting childhood
varys;Season 3;She has, sadly Well, forgive me for wasting your time, then I thought we shared certain hopes for her well-being
olenna;Season 3;Come, come You surrender rather easily Walk with me I know the walls have ears, but apparently the shrubbery does, too
varys;Season 3;I choose my allies carefully and my enemies more carefully still
olenna;Season 3;Which is Sansa Stark?
varys;Season 3;Neither A babe in the woods I admired her father
olenna;Season 3;Yes Ned Stark had many admirers, and how many stepped forward when the executioner came for his head?
varys;Season 3;I could not help Lord Stark Perhaps I can help his daughter
olenna;Season 3;How?
varys;Season 3;Youre not the only one who has taken an interest in her
olenna;Season 3;Thats hardly surprising Shes a beautiful girl with a famous name
varys;Season 3;Indeed Shed make a lovely match for the right suitor
olenna;Season 3;It almost feels as if youre about to arrive at the point
varys;Season 3;Littlefinger is not long for the capital A confidant of mine has told me that when he goes, Sansa Stark goes with him
olenna;Season 3;And why have you come to me with this matter?
varys;Season 3;Littlefinger was born with no lands, no wealth, no armies He has acquired the first two How long before he has the army?
varys;Season 3;Perhaps youll laugh, but I know him better than most and this is the truth Littlefinger is one of the most dangerous men in Westeros If Robb Stark falls, Sansa Stark is the key to the North
olenna;Season 3;And if Littlefinger marries her, hell have the key in his pocket
varys;Season 3;Which seems such a shame Why should a man with such a low reputation steal away such a lovely bride?
olenna;Season 3;You must despise him Youre working so hard to undermine him
varys;Season 3;Actually, I rather enjoy him But he would see this country burn if he could be king of the ashes
olenna;Season 3;You are a clever man, Lord Varys
varys;Season 3;You are too kind I believe I have a possible solution
olenna;Season 3;One doesnt need to be clever for that Its all rather obvious, isnt it?
margaery;Season 3;Ahem I didnt mean to disturb you
sansa;Season 3;You havent
margaery;Season 3;Wed like some privacy, please If you wouldnt mind waiting back inside the keep Or if youd be kind enough to give me your names, Ill ask the king to speak with you himself
margaery;Season 3;What did you pray for?
sansa;Season 3;I cant tell you
margaery;Season 3;Why not? Ill tell you what I prayed for in the sept this morning Lets see, for my familys health and happiness, for an end to the war, for a short winter Boring and traditional, Im afraid And you?
sansa;Season 3;Im sorry, I just cant
margaery;Season 3;My cousin Alanna was the most beautiful girl Id ever seen When I was 12, I was all elbows and knees and Alanna looked like a goddess sent to torture me Pig-face, she called me
sansa;Season 3;Pig-face? Thats ridiculous
margaery;Season 3;I think it had something to do with my nose Whenever she passed me in the halls, shed oink
margaery;Season 3;So I prayed that shed catch a horrible skin disease A week after that, she came down with porridge plague
sansa;Season 3;Porridge plague?
margaery;Season 3;You dont have it in the North? Your skin starts to look like boiled oats and eventually your face slides off and you die in agony
sansa;Season 3;But thats awful
sansa;Season 3;Youre I believed you! Porridge plague Im an idiot
margaery;Season 3;Dont say that No, youre not
sansa;Season 3;So what happened to Alanna?
margaery;Season 3;Oh, she grew up to be the most beautiful woman and married a handsome lord and they have darling children and live in a castle by the sea Its all terribly frustrating
sansa;Season 3;Im sure shes jealous of you now Youll be married here in the capital and shell have to come watch and pretend to be happy that youre queen
margaery;Season 3;I want us to be friends, good friends
sansa;Season 3;That would make me very happy
margaery;Season 3;You must see Highgarden Youd love it there I know you would We have a great masquerade the night of the harvest moon You should see the costumes People work on them for months
sansa;Season 3;I I dont think the queen would let me leave Kings Landing
margaery;Season 3;The Queen Regent, you mean Once I marry Joffrey, Ill be queen And if you were to marry Loras Oh, your place would be at Highgarden, wouldnt it? We would be sisters, you and I Would you like that?
jeor;Season 3;His name was Bannen He was a good man, a good ranger He came to us from where did he come from?
eddison;Season 3;Down White Harbor way
jeor;Season 3;He came to us from White Harbor Never failed in his duty He kept his vows the best he could He rode far, fought fiercely We shall never see his like again
all;Season 3;And now his watch has ended
jeor;Season 3;And now his watch has ended
grenn;Season 3;Didnt think a broke foot could kill a man
rast;Season 3;It wasnt his foot that killed him That bastard Craster starved him to death
sam;Season 3;Crasters got his daughters to feed
rast;Season 3;You on his side?
sam;Season 3;We cant just show up and steal all his food Were brothers of the Nights Watch, not thieves
rast;Season 3;The day we leave, Craster will tap a barrel of our wine and sit down to a feast of ham and potatoes and laugh at us starving in the snow Hes a bloody wildling is all he is
eddison;Season 3;Never knew Bannen could smell so good
craster;Season 3;You have one son, dont you, Mormont? I had my 99th You ever meet a man with 99 sons?
craster;Season 3;And more daughters than I can count
jeor;Season 3;Im glad for you
craster;Season 3;Are you now? Me, Ill be glad when you and yours have gone
jeor;Season 3;As soon as our wounded are strong enough
craster;Season 3;Ah Theyre as strong as theyre gonna get Them thats dying, why dont you cut their throats and be done with it? Hmm? Or leave them if youve not the stomach and Ill sort them myself
karl tanner;Season 3;Whose throat you gonna cut, old man?
jeor;Season 3;Wait outside
karl tanner;Season 3;Its cold outside and theres nothing to eat
craster;Season 3;My wives gave you bread
karl tanner;Season 3;Theres sawdust in the bread
craster;Season 3;You dont like it, you go out there and eat the snow
karl tanner;Season 3;Id rather eat what youve got hidden away
jeor;Season 3;I told you to wait outside
rast;Season 3;Hes sitting there drinking our wine, eating his fill while we die
craster;Season 3;I gave you crows enough Ive got to feed my women
rast;Season 3;So you admit youve got a hidden larder, then? How elsed you make it through winter?
jeor;Season 3;Enough! Out
craster;Season 3;I am a godly man
rast;Season 3;Youre a stingy bastard
craster;Season 3;Bastard? Out with you, you little thief And you! And you! Go sleep in the cold on empty bellies Ill chop the hands off the next man who calls me bastard
karl tanner;Season 3;You are a bastard A daughter-fucking, wildling bastard
jeor;Season 3;The gods will curse us for this By all the laws-
karl tanner;Season 3;There are no laws beyond the Wall Now show us where he hides the food or youll get the same as he did
jeor;Season 3;Unhand her
jeor;Season 3;I shall have your head for this
sam;Season 3;Quickly Quickly
gilly;Season 3;Whats happening? Im not going out there
sam;Season 3;No, we have to go Now
gilly;Season 3;Follow me I know the best way Come on
rast;Season 3;Run fast, Piggy, and sleep well! Ill be cutting your throat one of these nights
arya;Season 3;Can I take this hood off yet?
thoros;Season 3;I do apologize, little lady, but its better for you if you dont see where were going
man;Season 3;Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
man;Season 3;Halt
arya;Season 3;What is it?
thoros;Season 3;Blackstrap rum
arya;Season 3;Ugh
thoros;Season 3;Not easy finding molasses in wartime
gendry;Season 3;Id have some
thoros;Season 3;Lets go home
gendry;Season 3;What is this place?
thoros;Season 3;Somewhere neither wolves nor lions come prowling
sandor;Season 3;You look like a bunch of swineherds
anguy;Season 3;Some of us were swineherds And some of us tanners and masons That was before
sandor;Season 3;Youre still swineherds and tanners and masons You think carrying a crooked spear makes you a soldier?
beric;Season 3;No Fighting in a war makes you a soldier
sandor;Season 3;Beric Dondarrion? Youve seen better days
beric;Season 3;And I wont see them again
sandor;Season 3;Stark deserters Baratheon deserters You lot arent fighting in a war Youre running from it
beric;Season 3;Last I heard, you were King Joffreys guard dog But here you are 1000 miles from home Which of us is running?
sandor;Season 3;Untie these ropes and well find out What are you doing leading a mob of peasants?
beric;Season 3;Ned Stark ordered me to execute your brother in King Roberts name
sandor;Season 3;Ned Stark is dead King Robert is dead My brothers alive
sandor;Season 3;Youre fighting for ghosts
beric;Season 3;Thats what we are ghosts waiting for you in the dark You cant see us, but we see you No matter whose cloak you wear Lannister, Stark, Baratheon you prey on the weak, the Brotherhood without Banners will hunt you down
sandor;Season 3;You found god? Is that it?
beric;Season 3;Aye Ive been reborn in the light of the one true god As have we all As would any man whos seen the things weve seen
sandor;Season 3;If you mean to murder me, then bloody well get on with it
thoros;Season 3;Youll die soon enough, dog But it wont be murder, only justice
anguy;Season 3;And a kinder fate than you deserve Lions you call yourselves At the Mummers Ford, girls of seven years were raped and babes still on the breast were cut in two while their mothers watched
sandor;Season 3;I wasnt at the Mummers Ford Dump your dead children at some other door
thoros;Season 3;House Clegane was built upon dead children I saw them lay Prince Aegon and Princess Rhaenys before the Iron Throne
sandor;Season 3;Do you take me for my brother? Is being born Clegane a crime?
anguy;Season 3;Murder is a crime
sandor;Season 3;I never touched the Targaryen babes I never saw them, never smelled them, never heard them bawling You want to cut my throat, get on with it! But dont call me murderer and pretend that youre not
arya;Season 3;You murdered Mycah The butchers boy My friend He was 12 years old He was unarmed And you rode him down You slung him over your horse like he was some deer
sandor;Season 3;Aye, he was a bleeder
beric;Season 3;You dont deny killing this boy?
sandor;Season 3;I was Joffreys sworn shield The boy attacked the prince
arya;Season 3;Thats a lie! I hit Joffrey Mycah just ran away
sandor;Season 3;Then I should have killed you Not my place to question princes
beric;Season 3;You stand accused of murder But no one here knows the truth of the charge, so it is not for us to judge you Only the Lord of Light may do that now I sentence you to trial by combat
sandor;Season 3;So, who will it be? Should we find out if your fire god really loves you, priest? Or you, archer? What are you worth with a sword in your hand? Or is the little girl the bravest one here?
beric;Season 3;Aye She might be But its me youll fight
missandei;Season 3;The master says they are untested He says you would be wise to blood them early There are many small cities between here and there, cities ripe for sacking Should you take captives, the masters will buy the healthy ones and for a good price
missandei;Season 3;And who knows? In 10 years, some of the boys you send them may be Unsullied in their turn Thus all shall prosper
daenerys;Season 3;Is it done, then? They belong to me?
kraznys;Season 3;It is done
missandei;Season 3;It is done
kraznys;Season 3;She holds the whip
missandei;Season 3;You hold the whip
kraznys;Season 3;The bitch has her army
daenerys;Season 3;Unsullied
daenerys;Season 3;Forward march
daenerys;Season 3;Halt
kraznys;Season 3;Tell the bitch her beast wont come
daenerys;Season 3;A dragon is not a slave
kraznys;Season 3;You speak Valyrian?
daenerys;Season 3;I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, of the blood of Old Valyria Valyrian is my mother tongue
daenerys;Season 3;Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child Strike the chains off every slave you see
kraznys;Season 3;I am your master
kraznys;Season 3;Kill her! Kill her! Kill her
daenerys;Season 3;Dracarys
daenerys;Season 3;Unsullied! You have been slaves all your life. Today you are free. Any man who wishes to leave may leave, and no one will harm him. I give you my word. Will you fight for me? As free men?
thoros;Season 3;Lord, cast your light upon us
men;Season 3;Lord of Light, defend us
thoros;Season 3;Show us the truth Strike this man down if he is guilty Give strength to his sword if he is true Lord of Light, give us wisdom For the night is dark and full of terrors
men;Season 3;For the night is dark and full of terrors
thoros;Season 3;Get back
men;Season 3;Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty Guilty
arya;Season 3;Kill him
thoros;Season 3;Lord, cast your light upon this man, your servant Bring him back from death and darkness His flame has been extinguished Restore it
thoros;Season 3;For the night is dark and full of terrors Lord, cast-
gendry;Season 3;Arya, dont
thoros;Season 3;Bring him back from death and darkness
arya;Season 3;No
arya;Season 3;Let go of me! Let me go
sandor;Season 3;Looks like their god likes me more than your butchers boy
arya;Season 3;Burn in hell
beric;Season 3;He will But not today
tormund;Season 3;Orell says there are crows patrolling on the Wall Tell me what you know
jon;Season 3;There are four to a patrol two builders to check for structural damage, two rangers to watch for enemies
orell;Season 3;How often do these patrols go out?
jon;Season 3;It varies If I knew where on the Wall we were heading, I could tell you
orell;Season 3;Youd like to know that
tormund;Season 3;There are 19 castles guarding the Wall How many are manned?
jon;Season 3;Three
orell;Season 3;You sure of that?
orell;Season 3;Which three?
jon;Season 3;Castle Black
orell;Season 3;Aye, Castle Black Everyone knows Castle Black Which others?
jon;Season 3;Eastwatch-by-the-Sea and the Shadow Tower
tormund;Season 3;How many men remain in Castle Black?
orell;Season 3;Liar
jon;Season 3;What happens to your eagle after I kill you? Does he drift away like a kite with his strings cut or does he just flop dead to the ground?
ygritte;Season 3;Hes no crow
orell;Season 3;Just cause you want him inside you dont make him one of us
ygritte;Season 3;Im not afraid of you
tormund;Season 3;I like you, boy But if you lie to me, Ill pull your guts out through your throat
jon;Season 3;1000 men
tormund;Season 3;Well find out soon enough
jon;Season 3;I dont need you to protect me
ygritte;Season 3;Of course you do Who stopped Rattleshirt when he was about to cut your throat? Who vouched for you with Mance? It seems you owe me a debt
jon;Season 3;Give it back
ygritte;Season 3;Well, I stole it Its mine If you want it, come steal it back
jon;Season 3;Ygritte! Ygritte
jon;Season 3;Ygritte! Seven hells Ygritte
ygritte;Season 3;Is Orell right? Are you still a crow? Its time you proved yourself
jon;Season 3;Ygritte
ygritte;Season 3;You swore some vows I want you to break em I want you to see me
ygritte;Season 3;All of me
jon;Season 3;We shouldnt
ygritte;Season 3;We should
ygritte;Season 3;Why are you still dressed? You know nothing, Jon Sno-
ygritte;Season 3;That thing you did with your mouth is that what lords do to their ladies in the South?
jon;Season 3;I dont know I just wanted to kiss you there is all
ygritte;Season 3;Hmm
jon;Season 3;You seemed to like it
ygritte;Season 3;Aye, I liked it some Who taught you that?
jon;Season 3;Theres been no one else Only you
ygritte;Season 3;A maid You were a maid
jon;Season 3;I was a man of the Nights Watch How about you? Were you a maid?
ygritte;Season 3;What do you think?
jon;Season 3;Who was he?
ygritte;Season 3;Just a boy He came trading with his brothers He had red hair like me Kissed by fire But he was weak Not like you That was the first one Then there was this Thenn boy Spoke no Common, but gods, he was built like a mammoth
jon;Season 3;Yeah, thanks I think Ive heard enough Wed best get back Tormund-
ygritte;Season 3;Im not done with you yet
ygritte;Season 3;How longs it been since you had a bath?
ygritte;Season 3;Lets not go back Lets stay here a while longer I dont ever want to leave this cave, Jon Snow Not ever
sandor;Season 3;I want my gold
thoros;Season 3;It says it clearly right there on that note youll be repaid in full when the war is over
sandor;Season 3;Piss on that! Youre nothing but thieves
anguy;Season 3;Were outlaws Outlaws steal Youre lucky we didnt kill you
sandor;Season 3;Come try it, archer Ill shove those arrows up your ass
arya;Season 3;You cant let him go Hes a murderer Hes guilty
beric;Season 3;Not in the eyes of god
arya;Season 3;You cant
beric;Season 3;Enough! The judgment isnt ours to make
beric;Season 3;Go in peace, Sandor Clegane The Lord of Light isnt done with you yet
man;Season 3;Riders coming through
man;Season 3;ingslayer
man;Season 3;Down
locke;Season 3;On your knees Lord Bolton, I give you the Kingslayer
roose bolton;Season 3;Pick him up, Locke
roose bolton;Season 3;Youve lost a hand
locke;Season 3;No, my lord, he has it here
roose bolton;Season 3;Take this away
locke;Season 3;Send it to his father?
roose bolton;Season 3;Youll hold your tongue unless you want to lose it
roose bolton;Season 3;Cut her free Apologies, my lady Youre under my protection now
brienne;Season 3;Thank you, my lord
roose bolton;Season 3;Find suitable rooms for our guests Well speak later
jaime;Season 3;Lord Bolton
jaime;Season 3;Is there word from the capital?
roose bolton;Season 3;You havent heard? Stannis Baratheon laid siege to Kings Landing Sailed into Blackwater Bay Stormed the gates with thousands of men And your sister How can I put this? Your sister is alive and well Your fathers forces prevailed
roose;Season 3;Ser Jaime isnt well Take him to Qyburn
jaime;Season 3;Will I die?
qyburn;Season 3;No The corruption has spread I fear it must be cut away The safest course would be to take the whole arm off
jaime;Season 3;Then youll die Youre no maester Wheres your chain?
qyburn;Season 3;The Citadel stripped me of it They found some of my experiments too bold I can leave your upper arm, make the cut at your elbow
jaime;Season 3;I dont need my right hand to kill you
qyburn;Season 3;I can take away the rotting flesh and try and burn out the corruption with boiling wine
jaime;Season 3;Mmm
qyburn;Season 3;With any luck, that will suffice Youll need milk of the poppy
jaime;Season 3;No milk of the poppy
qyburn;Season 3;There will be pain
jaime;Season 3;Ill scream
qyburn;Season 3;Quite a bit of pain
jaime;Season 3;Ill scream loudly
cersei;Season 3;Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 3;Your Grace
cersei;Season 3;I wonder if I might ask you for a favor
littlefinger;Season 3;Of course, Your Grace
cersei;Season 3;I have reason to believe that House Tyrell do not hold the crowns best interests at heart
littlefinger;Season 3;I see And have you shared these suspicions with Lord Tywin?
cersei;Season 3;My fathers a practical man He appreciates facts
littlefinger;Season 3;Myself, I often find them a hindrance
cersei;Season 3;And he appreciates those who aid his family, as you well know Hes almost as generous to those who help us as he is unpleasant towards those who dont You have a good working relationship with the Tyrells I thought you might look into it before you leave the capital
littlefinger;Season 3;I shall do my best
cersei;Season 3;Thank you And your best will prove better than when I asked you to locate Arya Stark?
littlefinger;Season 3;I assure you that it will
olenna;Season 3;Gods, boy, thats enough Were not in a tavern
podrick;Season 3;Pardon, my lady
olenna;Season 3;No need to speak Are there any figs? Fetch some I always take figs midafternoon They help move the bowels To what do I owe this summons?
tyrion;Season 3;Thank you for seeing me, my lady I had hoped we might discuss a few financial matters
olenna;Season 3;I climbed all those steps to discuss financial matters?
tyrion;Season 3;Its the royal wedding Im told you had a hand in planning it
olenna;Season 3;Naturally
tyrion;Season 3;Its shaping up to be a very involved affair The word extravagant has been used
olenna;Season 3;What good is the word extravagant if it cant be used to describe a royal wedding?
tyrion;Season 3;I understand that
olenna;Season 3;Good
tyrion;Season 3;But, as Master of Coin, it falls upon me to calculate the cost for the crown As of now, its a huge expense
olenna;Season 3;And?
tyrion;Season 3;And were at war, Lady Olenna
olenna;Season 3;Oh, Id nearly forgotten
tyrion;Season 3;Yes, and maintaining supply lines-
olenna;Season 3;I cant think how it slipped my mind What is it, 12,000 infantrymen the Tyrell family has supplied? 2,000 in support Provisions so this city might survive the winter A million bushels of wheat Half a million bushels each of barley, oats, and rye 20,000 head of cattle 50,000 sheep You dont have to lecture me about wartime expenses Im quite familiar with them
tyrion;Season 3;And we are so grateful for your contributions which are necessary for the preservation of the realm
olenna;Season 3;As is a royal wedding The people are hungry for more than just food They crave distractions And if we dont provide them, theyll create their own And their distractions are likely to end with us being torn to pieces A royal wedding is much safer Wouldnt you say?
tyrion;Season 3;I would
olenna;Season 3;And traditionally paid for by the royal family
olenna;Season 3;I was told you were drunk, impertinent, and thoroughly debauched You can imagine my disappointment at finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper Where did you go for them, Volantis?
tyrion;Season 3;My lady-
olenna;Season 3;Oh, very well I wont have it said that House Tyrell refuses to play its part Well pay for half the expenses and the celebrations will go on as planned Is that sufficient?
tyrion;Season 3;Quite sufficient Thank you
olenna;Season 3;Very good, then Thats settled Good day
tyrion;Season 3;Give me that
arya;Season 3;What are you doing?
gendry;Season 3;Just mending Lord Berics armor
arya;Season 3;Why?
gendry;Season 3;Im going to stay on and smith for the Brotherhood
arya;Season 3;Have you lost your mind? When the Lannisters find this place, you think theyll spare the smiths? Theyll cave your head in with your own helmet
gendry;Season 3;The Lannisters wanted to kill me long before I joined the Brotherhood
arya;Season 3;You dont have to do this
gendry;Season 3;I want to They need good men
arya;Season 3;Robb needs good men, too Were leaving tomorrow And then you-
gendry;Season 3;What? Serve him? Ive served men my entire life I served Master Mott at Kings Landing and he sold me to the Watch I served Lord Tywin at Harrenhal, wondering every day if Id get tortured or killed Im done serving
arya;Season 3;You just said you were serving Lord Beric
gendry;Season 3;He may be their leader, but they chose him These men are brothers Theyre a family Ive never had a family
arya;Season 3;I can be your family
gendry;Season 3;You wouldnt be my family Youd be my lady
martyn;Season 3;Willem Willem
willem;Season 3;Is this a rescue?
rickard kar;Season 3;Lannister filth! Take him! MARTYN Please, I didnt do anything Im just a squire Please-
robb;Season 3;Bring them in
robb;Season 3;Is that all of them? It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?
rickard kar;Season 3;Not murder, Your Grace Vengeance
robb;Season 3;Vengeance? Those boys didnt kill your sons I saw Harrion die on the battlefield and Torrhen-
rickard kar;Season 3;Was strangled by the Kingslayer They were his kin
robb;Season 3;They were boys! Look at them
rickard kar;Season 3;Tell your mother to look at them She killed them as much as I
robb;Season 3;My mother had nothing to do with this This was your treason
rickard kar;Season 3;Its treason to free your enemies In war, you kill your enemies Did your father not teach you that, boy?
robb;Season 3;Leave him
rickard kar;Season 3;Aye Leave me to the king He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free Thats how he deals with treason Our King in the North Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?
robb;Season 3;Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon Hang the rest
man;Season 3;Mercy, sire! I didnt kill anyone I only watched for the guards
robb;Season 3;This one was only the watcher Hang him last so he can watch the others die
man;Season 3;Please! Please, no They made me do it! They made me! They made me
edmure;Season 3;Word of this cant leave Riverrun They were Tywin Lannisters nephews The Lannisters pay their debts They never stop talking about it
robb;Season 3;Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?
edmure;Season 3;It wouldnt be lying We will bury them and remain silent until the war is done
robb;Season 3;Im not fighting for justice if I dont serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how highborn He has to die
catelyn;Season 3;arstarks are Northmen They wont forgive the killing of their lord
talisa;Season 3;Your mothers right If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you
robb;Season 3;You tended to their wounds You brought them supper Now theyre dead
talisa;Season 3;And more boys will keep dying until this war is over You need Karstark men to end it
catelyn;Season 3;Spare his life Keep him as a hostage
edmure;Season 3;A hostage Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed
rickard kar;Season 3;The blood of the First Men flows through my veins as much as yours, boy I fought the Mad King for your father I fought Joffrey for you We are kin Stark and Karstark
robb;Season 3;That didnt stop you from betraying me And it wont save you now
rickard kar;Season 3;I dont want it to save me I want it to haunt you to the end of your days
robb;Season 3;Kneel, my lord
robb;Season 3;Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of gods and men, I sentence you to die Would you speak a final word?
rickard kar;Season 3;Kill me and be cursed You are no king of mine
arya;Season 3;Joffrey Cersei Ilyn Payne The Hound What are you going to do with me?
thoros;Season 3;At first light well ride for Riverrun Your brothers there now Hell make a contribution to our cause and you can go home
arya;Season 3;Im a hostage and youre selling me
thoros;Season 3;Dont think of it that way
arya;Season 3;But it is that way
thoros;Season 3;It is And it isnt
arya;Season 3;More is than isnt
thoros;Season 3;Beric admired your father a great deal, you know He wanted to refuse your ransom altogether
arya;Season 3;So why dont you?
thoros;Season 3;We need the gold
beric;Season 3;Do I frighten you, child?
arya;Season 3;No
beric;Season 3;Youre angry with me And I dont blame you But letting him go was the right thing I have more reason than most to want him hanged
arya;Season 3;I thought he killed you
arya;Season 3;But how?
beric;Season 3;Thoros how many times have you brought me BACK?
thoros;Season 3;Its the Lord of Light brings you back Im just the lucky drunk who says the words
beric;Season 3;How many times?
thoros;Season 3;Five, I think No, this makes six
beric;Season 3;Six
thoros;Season 3;There was the first time the Mountain Show her Lance right through the chest
beric;Season 3;Then I was stabbed in the belly
thoros;Season 3;Then it was an arrow in the back And that axe in the side
beric;Season 3;Then the Lannisters caught me and executed me for treason Was it a hanging or a dagger in the eye?
thoros;Season 3;Both Fuckers couldnt decide
thoros;Season 3;And the Hound makes six
beric;Season 3;Second time Ive been killed by a Clegane
thoros;Season 3;Youd think youd learn Its not getting any easier, you know
beric;Season 3;I know Every time I come back, Im a bit less Pieces of you get chipped away
arya;Season 3;Could you bring back a man without a head? Not six times Just once
thoros;Season 3;I dont think it works that way, child
beric;Season 3;He was a good man, Ned Stark Hes at rest now, somewhere I would never wish my life upon him
arya;Season 3;I would Youre alive
selyse;Season 3;Lord, cast your light upon me Protect me in the darkness Burn away my sins Help me serve you Use me as you will For the night is dark and full of terrors
selyse;Season 3;I have prayed day and night for you to come to me
stannis;Season 3;My lady
stannis;Season 3;I meant to come sooner The battle-
selyse;Season 3;I know of your troubles, My king The Lady Melisandre has told me everything
stannis;Season 3;Yes, of course
selyse;Season 3;You mustnt despair Your claim is true You will be victorious
stannis;Season 3;I believed that once
selyse;Season 3;You are the one gods champion and the finest man Ive ever known
stannis;Season 3;Selyse Ive broken a sacred vow Ive sinned
selyse;Season 3;No
stannis;Season 3;Ive wronged you I have shamed you
selyse;Season 3;Youre doing gods work
stannis;Season 3;You dont understand The Red Woman the Lady Melisandre-
selyse;Season 3;I know, Stannis The Lady Melisandre has told me everything No act done in service of the Lord of Light can ever be a sin When she told me, I wept with joy
selyse;Season 3;Oh, my sweet boys Petyr, Tommard, Edric I thank god every day for bringing Melisandre to us She gave you a son I gave you nothing
stannis;Season 3;Thats not true
selyse;Season 3;So youve come to see her as well? There is no need You must keep away from such distractions
stannis;Season 3;Shes my daughter I want to see her
selyse;Season 3;You are a king You dont need my permission
shireen;Season 3;Under the sea I know, I know/ Oh, oh
ohcut to;Season 3;Insid s room
shireen;Season 3;The birds have scales / And the fish take wing / I know, I know / Oh, oh
oh stannis;Season 3;Shireen
shireen;Season 3;Father
stannis;Season 3;Youve grown since I last saw you
shireen;Season 3;Mother said you fought in a battle Did you win?
stannis;Season 3;No
shireen;Season 3;Did the Onion Knight come back with you?
stannis;Season 3;He fought bravely
shireen;Season 3;He hasnt come to visit me He said hed bring me back a present from the capital
stannis;Season 3;He wont be visiting, child
shireen;Season 3;Why not? Hes my friend Look
shireen;Season 3;He made this for me But dont tell Mother I have it Its a secret Mother doesnt like the Onion Knight
stannis;Season 3;Ser Davos is a traitor Hes rotting in a dungeon cell for his crime Best forget him
jaime;Season 3;Not so hard Youll scrub the skin off
brienne;Season 3;What are you doing here?
jaime;Season 3;I need a bath Help me out of these rags
jaime;Season 3;Now get out
brienne;Season 3;Theres another tub
jaime;Season 3;This one suits me fine Dont worry Im not interested If I faint, pull me out I dont intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub
brienne;Season 3;Why should I care how you die?
jaime;Season 3;You swore a solemn vow, remember? Youre supposed to get me to Kings Landing in one piece Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him
jaime;Season 3;That was unworthy Forgive me You protected me better than most-
brienne;Season 3;Dont you mock me
jaime;Season 3;Im apologizing Im sick of fighting Lets call a truce
brienne;Season 3;You need trust to have a truce
jaime;Season 3;I trust you
jaime;Season 3;There it is Theres the look Ive seen it for 17 years on face after face You all despise me Kingslayer Oathbreaker A man without honor Youve heard of wildfire?
brienne;Season 3;Of course
jaime;Season 3;The Mad King was obsessed with it He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones He burned lords he didnt like He burned Hands who disobeyed him He burned anyone who was against him Before long, half the country was against him Aerys saw traitors everywhere So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom Under houses, stables, taverns Even beneath the Red Keep itself Finally, the day of reckoning came Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels I knew my father better than that Hes never been one to pick the losing side I told the Mad King as much I urged him to surrender peacefully But the king didnt listen to me He didnt listen to Varys who tried to warn him But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt You can trust the Lannisters, he said The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender He told me to bring him my fathers head Then he turned to his pyromancer Burn them all, he said Burn them in their homes Burn them in their beds Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then?
jaime;Season 3;First, I killed the pyromancer And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back Burn them all, he kept saying Burn them all I dont think he expected to die He he meant to burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash I slit his throat to make sure that didnt happen Thats where Ned Stark found me
brienne;Season 3;If this is true why didnt you tell anyone? Why didnt you tell Lord Stark?
jaime;Season 3;Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right?
brienne;Season 3;Help! Help! ingslayer
jaime;Season 3;Jaime My name is Jaime
shireen;Season 3;Onion Knight Ser Onion Knight
davos;Season 3;Princess? Gods, what are you doing here?
shireen;Season 3;Shh, youll wake Bert
davos;Season 3;Bert?
shireen;Season 3;Hes the fat one Hes on guard duty tonight He likes to drink wine and sleep a lot
davos;Season 3;Go back to your room Youre not supposed to be here If your father knew-
shireen;Season 3;he said you Were a traitor Are you?
davos;Season 3;I am, child I disobeyed my king, your father, and now Im paying the price
shireen;Season 3;I dont care Youre my friend You must get bored down here I brought you something to read Its about Aegon and his dragons Aegon used to live here Did you know that? And the Targaryens built this castle
davos;Season 3;Aye So they did
shireen;Season 3;You can hide the book under your cloak Its a good one Ill bring you more
davos;Season 3;Thank you, my lady Im sure its a fine book, but its wasted on me
shireen;Season 3;Take it I have more
davos;Season 3;My lady, I cant read the words
shireen;Season 3;You cant?
shireen;Season 3;Ill teach you Ill come when Berts on duty and teach you
davos;Season 3;No No No
shireen;Season 3;Its easy Itll be fun
davos;Season 3;Go We cant
shireen;Season 3;Why not? What will they do, lock us in cells?
davos;Season 3;I wouldnt know where to start
shireen;Season 3;At the beginning This word is Aegon When you see A, E, and G together like that, it sounds like egg And the title of the whole book is An History of Aegon the Conqueror and His Conquest of Westeros
jorah;Season 3;It was a bitch of a siege
barristan;Season 3;Mm, you were first through the breach at Pyke?
jorah;Season 3;The second Thoros of Myr went in alone, waving that flaming sword of his
barristan;Season 3;Thoros of Myr Bloody madman Robert knighted you after the battle?
jorah;Season 3;Proudest moment of my life One knee in the dust, the kings sword on my shoulder, listening to the words In the name of the Warrior, I charge you to be brave All I could think of was how badly I had to piss
jorah;Season 3;In full plate metal for 16 hours Never occurred to me till the fighting was over I was very nearly the first man knighted to piss on the kings boots
barristan;Season 3;Robert would have laughed He was a good man, a great warrior And a terrible king I burned away my years fighting for terrible kings
jorah;Season 3;You swore an oath
barristan;Season 3;Yes And a man of honor keeps his vows, even if hes serving a drunk or a lunatic Just once in my life before its over, I want to know what its like to serve with pride, to fight for someone I believe in Do you believe in her?
jorah;Season 3;With all my heart
daenerys;Season 3;These are the ones?
missandei;Season 3;Yes, khaleesi The officers
daenerys;Season 3;You did not choose this life But you are free men now And free men make their own choices Have you selected your own leader from amongst your ranks?
daenerys;Season 3;Remove your helmet GREY
worm;Season 3;This one has the honor
daenerys;Season 3;What is your name?
grey worm;Season 3;Grey Worm
daenerys;Season 3;Grey Worm
missandei;Season 3;All Unsullied boys are given new names when they are cut Grey Worm, Red Flea, Black Rat Names that remind them what they are vermin
daenerys;Season 3;From this day forward you will choose your own names You will tell your fellow soldiers to do the same Throw away your slave name Choose the name your parents gave you, or any other A name that gives you pride
grey worm;Season 3;Grey Worm gives me pride It is a very lucky name The name this one was born with was cursed That was the name he had when he was taken as a slave But Grey Worm is the name this one had the day Daenerys Stormborn set him free
jorah;Season 3;King Robert wanted her dead
barristan;Season 3;Of course he wanted her dead Shes a Targaryen The last Targaryen
jorah;Season 3;I suppose no one on the small council could speak sense to him
barristan;Season 3;I didnt sit on the small council
jorah;Season 3;No? Doesnt the Lord of the Kingsguard traditionally-
barristan;Season 3;Traditionally, yes, but I killed a dozen of Roberts friends during his rebellion
barristan;Season 3;He didnt want advice on how to govern from a man who had fought for the Mad King Cant say I minded much I always hated the politics
jorah;Season 3;Yeah, I imagine I would, too Hours spent jabbering about backstabbings and betrayals the world over
barristan;Season 3;Mm-hmm
jorah;Season 3;Still, shell have to wade through that muck if she wants to rule the Seven Kingdoms
barristan;Season 3;Shell have good men around her to advise her, men with experience
jorah;Season 3;Which men do you have in mind?
barristan;Season 3;Forgive me, Ser Jorah, for what Im about to say, but your reputation in Westeros has suffered over the years
jorah;Season 3;It suffered for a reason I sold men into slavery
barristan;Season 3;I dont know if your presence by her side will help our cause when we go home
jorah;Season 3;Our cause? Forgive me, Ser Barristan, but I was busy defending the khaleesi against King Roberts assassins while you were still bowing to the man
barristan;Season 3;We both want her to rule Am I wrong?
jorah;Season 3;You only joined us a few days ago I cant speak to your intentions
barristan;Season 3;If were truly her loyal servants, we will do whatever needs to be done, no matter the cost, no matter our pride
jorah;Season 3;Youre not Lord here Youre just another exile And I take my orders from the queen
talisa;Season 3;Come to bed
robb;Season 3;You were right
robb;Season 3;arstarks are gone Almost half our forces Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do to make us unravel Nothing Only wait
talisa;Season 3;Dont let him
robb;Season 3;What can I do? Attack Kings Landing? Theres nothing hed like better Hed crush us in a day
talisa;Season 3;We could ride north Take your land back from the Greyjoys Wait out the winter
robb;Season 3;Winter could last five years Once my bannermen are home again, sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe, theyll never ride south again When I gathered my lords together, we had a purpose, a mission Now were like a band of bickering children
talisa;Season 3;Give them a new purpose
robb;Season 3;What?
talisa;Season 3;Oh, I dont know I dont even know where Winterfell is
robb;Season 3;Here And were here Kings Landing-
talisa;Season 3;What is it?
robb;Season 3;I cant force them to meet us in the field and I cant attack them where theyre strongest, but I can attack them where theyre not
robb;Season 3;And Casterly Rock cant run away Im going to take their home away from them
talisa;Season 3;Can you do it?
robb;Season 3;I need men to replace the Karstarks who marched home There is only one person in this kingdom with that kind of army who hasnt already sided with the Lannisters The man whose daughter I was supposed to marry Walder Frey
sansa;Season 3;Hes such a splendid fighter Do you have any idea when we might
margaery;Season 3;Ill plant the seed as soon as Joffrey and I are married It should grow quickly
sansa;Season 3;Joffrey wont let me leave Hes got too many reasons to keep me here
margaery;Season 3;And only one to let you go Because it will please me
loras;Season 3;Squire
olyvar;Season 3;Well fought, ser
loras;Season 3;That was no fight I dont know you
olyvar;Season 3;Olyver, if it please you
olyvar;Season 3;I should like to see you spar with a proper partner, ser
loras;Season 3;How did you know?
olyvar;Season 3;Know what?
loras;Season 3;That I wanted to
loras;Season 3;My lord Ill have you know Im to be married soon and even my intended hasnt the slightest notion
olyvar;Season 3;They rarely do, in my experience
loras;Season 3;You have a good deal of experience, do you?
olyvar;Season 3;With the husbands
littlefinger;Season 3;That didnt take long
olyvar;Season 3;Well, it took long enough It seems our Knight of Flowers is engaged to be wed
littlefinger;Season 3;Is he? And whos the lucky girl?
littlefinger;Season 3;She may not be the grandest ship in the world or the fastest, but shes mine Ive always wanted a ship Now I want a dozen Strange, isnt it?
sansa;Season 3;What is?
littlefinger;Season 3;It doesnt matter what we want, once we get it, then we want something else Your hair is different
sansa;Season 3;Is it?
littlefinger;Season 3;Lady Margaery wears it that way
sansa;Season 3;Many ladies wear it this way
littlefinger;Season 3;I have good news Ill be leaving the city soon
sansa;Season 3;You still want me to come with you?
littlefinger;Season 3;Its not a question of what I want Its what you want You want to go home, dont you?
sansa;Season 3;Of course More than anything But maybe it would be better to wait Ive been thinking how dangerous it would be Not just for me, but for you Youve been so kind Id feel terrible if anything happened to you I cant tell you how touched I am by your concern for my welfare
littlefinger;Season 3;I hope you know that Im your friend, Sansa Your true friend
sansa;Season 3;I do, Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 3;Petyr
sansa;Season 3;Petyr
littlefinger;Season 3;If you wish to stay, then of course you will stay
littlefinger;Season 3;Well speak again when I return
tywin;Season 3;Youre late
tyrion;Season 3;Whats she doing here?
tywin;Season 3;Our business concerns her, too Sit
tyrion;Season 3;Youll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, Ive saved the crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding
tywin;Season 3;Never mind that now We have something important to discuss
tyrion;Season 3;Im Master of Coin Saving money is important
tyrion;Season 3;Stop that Youre making me uncomfortable
tywin;Season 3;Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Ser Loras
tyrion;Season 3;Very well Shes a lovely girl Missing some of Loras favorite bits, but Im sure theyll make do
tywin;Season 3;Your jokes are not appreciated
tyrion;Season 3;It wasnt my best, but-
tywin;Season 3;I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me
tyrion;Season 3;Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother
tywin;Season 3;arstarks have marched home The young wolf has lost half his army His days are numbered Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells
tyrion;Season 3;The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war Do you really think its wise to refuse them?
tywin;Season 3;Theres nothing to refuse This is a plot Plots are not public knowledge And the Tyrells wont carry this one out until after Joffreys wedding We need to act first and kill this union in its crib
tyrion;Season 3;And how do we do that?
tywin;Season 3;We find Sansa Stark a different husband
tyrion;Season 3;Wonderful
cersei;Season 3;Yes, it is
tyrion;Season 3;You cant mean it
tywin;Season 3;I can and I do
tyrion;Season 3;Joffrey has made this poor girls life miserable since the day he took her fathers head Now shes finally free of him and you give her to me? Thats cruel even for you
tywin;Season 3;Do you intend on mistreating her? The girls happiness is not my concern, nor should it be yours
tyrion;Season 3;Shes a child
cersei;Season 3;Shes flowered, I assure you She and I have discussed it at length
tywin;Season 3;There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her Surely youre capable of that
tyrion;Season 3;And if I refuse?
tywin;Season 3;You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for And it is past time you were wed
tyrion;Season 3;I was wed Or dont you remember?
tywin;Season 3;Only too well
cersei;Season 3;You should be thanking the gods for this This is more than you deserve
tywin;Season 3;Tyrion will do as hes bid As will you
cersei;Season 3;What do you mean?
tywin;Season 3;Youll marry Ser Loras
cersei;Season 3;I will not
tywin;Season 3;The boy is heir to Highgarden Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach
cersei;Season 3;No, I wont do it
tywin;Season 3;Yes, you will Youre still fertile You need to marry again and breed
cersei;Season 3;I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare
tywin;Season 3;Youre my daughter! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all
cersei;Season 3;Father, dont make me do it again, please
tywin;Season 3;Not another word My children Youve disgraced the Lannister name for far too long
gilly;Season 3;Youve got too much wood in there
sam;Season 3;But the more wood, the bigger the fire
gilly;Season 3;It needs to breathe Take off that big log
sam;Season 3;Huh You know your fires
gilly;Season 3;Someone built your fires for you growing up?
sam;Season 3;It doesnt get so cold down in the Reach And there were servants, of course
gilly;Season 3;I knew you were highborn
sam;Season 3;Oh, I found something at the Fist of the First Men Buried treasure Thousands of years old I think
gilly;Season 3;What does it do?
sam;Season 3;Im not sure that it does anything Its beautiful, though, isnt it?
gilly;Season 3;How much longer?
sam;Season 3;Not so far A few more days
gilly;Season 3;Is the Wall as big as they say?
sam;Season 3;Bigger So big you cant even see the top sometimes Its hidden in clouds
gilly;Season 3;Youre playing with me
sam;Season 3;Im not Its 700 feet high, all made of ice On a warm day you can see it weeping Castle Black is nice enough They keep a fire burning in the long hall day and night And Hobb makes venison stew with onions Very tasty Sometimes, one of the brothers will sing Dareon sings best
gilly;Season 3;Do you sing?
sam;Season 3;No No, no, no Not very well
gilly;Season 3;Sing me a song
sam;Season 3;Oh, all right Lets see
sam;Season 3;Oh ahem The fathers face is stern and strong / He sits and judges right from wrong / He weighs our lives, the short and long / And loves the little children / The mother gives the gift of life / And watches over every wife / Her gentle smile ends all strife /And she loves her little children
osha;Season 3;Thats not how you skin a rabbit
meera;Season 3;I know how to skin a rabbit
osha;Season 3;Not by the looks of it
osha;Season 3;You grow up north of the Wall, you learn the proper way to handle game
meera;Season 3;I didnt see any game before I got here
osha;Season 3;If I had a bow, I could have shot a dozen rabbits
meera;Season 3;Well, I made this bow myself Guess you dont learn how to do that north of the Wall
osha;Season 3;You learn how to use your fists, though
meera;Season 3;Oh, youre gonna punch the rabbits to death?
osha;Season 3;I had someone else in mind
meera;Season 3;Well, someone else is sitting right here
bran;Season 3;Youre both very good at skinning rabbits
osha;Season 3;Some of us are just a little better
meera;Season 3;Well, some of us would say thank you when someone else hunts down their breakfast for them Or dont they teach you to say thank you north of the Wall?
osha;Season 3;Youve got a big mouth, girl, and too many teeth
bran;Season 3;Stop it
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
bran;Season 3;Youve been fighting since you met Just stop it
osha;Season 3;Lady Reed heres got a stick so far up her ass, its a wonder her feet touch the ground
bran;Season 3;Youve been nasty to her every day Of course shes nasty back
osha;Season 3;Me? Its my fault? First time I met her, she put a knife to my throat
bran;Season 3;First time I met you, you held a knife at me We cant fight each other Well never make it to the Wall I want you both to make peace
meera;Season 3;Your way of skinning rabbits is quicker than mine
osha;Season 3;I said so, didnt I?
bran;Season 3;Osha
osha;Season 3;Youre a good little hunter
meera;Season 3;Thank you See? Not so hard, is it? Thank you
osha;Season 3;Dont push me
meera;Season 3;Shh Im right here with you
rickon;Season 3;Whats happening?
meera;Season 3;Im right here with you
rickon;Season 3;Whats wrong with him?
meera;Season 3;The visions take their toll
bran;Season 3;Hes having one now?
jojen;Season 3;I saw Jon Snow
bran;Season 3;You saw him? At Castle Black?
jojen;Season 3;He was on the wrong side of the Wall surrounded by enemies
tormund;Season 3;Used to be you couldnt find a tree within a mile of the Wall Crows would come out every morning with axes
orell;Season 3;Your flock gets smaller every year
jon;Season 3;You ever climbed it before?
ygritte;Season 3;No But Tormunds done it half a hundred times Youre afraid
jon;Season 3;Arent you?
ygritte;Season 3;Aye Its a long way up and a long way down But Ive waited my whole life to see the world from up there Here, sit down
ygritte;Season 3;I brought a pair for you Theyre too big for you, but theyre good
jon;Season 3;You kill someone for them?
ygritte;Season 3;Nah I didnt kill him, but I bet his balls are still bruised
ygritte;Season 3;He wasnt good to me the way youre good to me He didnt do that thing you do with your tongue
jon;Season 3;Can we not talk about that here?
ygritte;Season 3;Can we not talk about that here? Im Jon Snow Ive killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but Im scared of naked girls
jon;Season 3;Did I seem scared the other day?
ygritte;Season 3;You were trembling like a leaf
jon;Season 3;Only in the beginning
ygritte;Season 3;Only in the beginning Youre a proper lover, Jon Snow And dont worry Your secrets safe with me
jon;Season 3;What secret?
ygritte;Season 3;Do you think Im as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? Youre loyal and youre brave You didnt stop being a crow the day you walked into Mance Rayders tent
ygritte;Season 3;But Im your woman now, Jon Snow Youre going to be loyal to your woman The Nights Watch dont care if you live or die Mance Rayder dont care if I live or die Were just soldiers in their armies and theres plenty more to carry on if we go down
ygritte;Season 3;Its you and me that matters to me and you Dont ever betray me
jon;Season 3;I wont
ygritte;Season 3;Cause Ill cut your pretty cock right off and wear it round my neck
tormund;Season 3;Sink your metal deep and make sure it holds before taking your next step And if you fall, dont scream You dont want that to be the last thing she remembers
arya;Season 3;Joffrey Cersei Ilyn Payne
anguy;Season 3;Youre good Youre not as good as you think you are
arya;Season 3;Face, tits, balls I hit em right where I wanted to
anguy;Season 3;Aye, but you took your sweet time of it You wont be fighting straw men, little lady Show me your position
anguy;Season 3;Keep your elbow high You want your back doing the hard labor Youre holding Never hold
arya;Season 3;What?
anguy;Season 3;Your muscles tense up when you hold Pull the string back to the center of your chin and release Never hold
arya;Season 3;But I have to aim
anguy;Season 3;Never aim
arya;Season 3;Never aim?
anguy;Season 3;Your eye knows where it wants the arrow to go Trust your eye
arya;Season 3;Theres someone out there
anguy;Season 3;Thats about far enough
melisandre;Season 3;We come as friends
anguy;Season 3;Begging your pardon, mlady, but well be the judge of that
melisandre;Season 3;Valar morghulis
thoros;Season 3;Valar dohaeris I dont see many priestesses of Rhollor in the Riverlands
melisandre;Season 3;You are Thoros of Myr
melisandre;Season 3;The High Priest gave you a mission Turn King Robert away from his idols and towards the Lord of Light What happened?
thoros;Season 3;I failed
melisandre;Season 3;You quit, you mean The heathen continue to slaughter each other and you continue to get drunk
thoros;Season 3;You worship Him in your way, and Ill worship Him in mine Do you speak the common tongue?
thoros;Season 3;My friends here dont speak High Valyrian Why are you here, my lady?
beric;Season 3;Forgive my manners I dont see many ladies these days
thoros;Season 3;Lucky for the ladies
melisandre;Season 3;How many times has the Lord brought him back?
thoros;Season 3;Six
melisandre;Season 3;Thats not possible
thoros;Season 3;The Lord has smiled upon me
melisandre;Season 3;You should not have this power
thoros;Season 3;I have no power I ask the Lord for His favor, and He responds as He will
thoros;Season 3;Ive always been a terrible priest Drank too much rum Fucked all the whores in Kings Landing Its a terrible thing to say, but by the time I came to Westeros, I didnt believe in our Lord I decided that He, that all the gods, were stories we told the children to make them behave So I wore the robes and every now and then Id recite the prayers, but it was just for show A spectacle for the locals Until the Mountain drove a lance through this ones heart I knelt beside his cold body and said the old words Not because I believed in them, but he was my friend and he was dead And they were the only words I knew And for the first time in my life, the Lord replied Berics eyes opened and I knew the truth Our god is the one true god And all men must serve Him
melisandre;Season 3;Youve been to the other side
beric;Season 3;The other side? There is no other side I have been to the darkness, my lady He sent you to us for a reason
melisandre;Season 3;You have someone He needs
anguy;Season 3;Bodkin point Penetrates plate at 200 yards Can you make em?
gendry;Season 3;Yeah, nothing tricky about it Just need decent steel
anguy;Season 3;Ill get you the steel
man;Season 3;Come on
arya;Season 3;I dont like that woman
anguy;Season 3;Thats cause youre a girl
arya;Season 3;What does that have to do with anything?
beric;Season 3;Forgive me, lad
arya;Season 3;What are you doing? Let go of him
arya;Season 3;Tell them to stop Come on He wants to be one of you He wants to join the Brotherhood Stop them
beric;Season 3;We serve the Lord of Light and the Lord of Light needs this boy
arya;Season 3;Did the Lord of Light tell you that or did she?
arya;Season 3;Youre not doing this for your god Youre doing it for gold
thoros;Season 3;Were doing it for both, girl We cant defend the people without weapons and horses and food And we cant get weapons and horses and food without gold
gendry;Season 3;You told me this was a Brotherhood You told me I could be one of you
melisandre;Season 3;You are more than they can ever be Theyre just foot soldiers in the great war You will make kings rise and fall
arya;Season 3;Youre a witch Youre going to hurt him
melisandre;Season 3;I see a darkness in you And in that darkness, eyes staring back at me brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes Eyes youll shut forever We will meet again
ygritte;Season 3;You staring at my ass, Jon Snow?
tormund;Season 3;Look out
ygritte;Season 3;You all right?
tormund;Season 3;Just seeing if you can take a hit, lad
ramsay;Season 3;Sorry Were you sleeping?
theon;Season 3;Wa-
ramsay;Season 3;Wa ? Wa ? Water? You want some water I wish I had some for you
ramsay;Season 3;So lets play a game Which body part do you need the least?
theon;Season 3;Please
ramsay;Season 3;Please is not a body part
theon;Season 3;Ill tell you everything, please
ramsay;Season 3;But youve already told me everything Remember? Your daddy was mean to you The Starks didnt appreciate you One good bit, though The Stark boys, theyre still alive Wouldnt that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but Im a better hunter than you
ramsay;Season 3;Now how about your little finger? You dont use that for much, do you? No? Good Lets start with that
ramsay;Season 3;Youve been wondering why youre here Havent you? Where you are Who I am Why Im doing this to you So guess If you guess right, Ill tell you By the old gods and the new, I swear it You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why Im torturing you and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger
theon;Season 3;If I win, youll let me go?
ramsay;Season 3;If you think this has a happy ending, you havent been paying attention
theon;Season 3;Please
ramsay;Season 3;You say please again and youll wish you hadnt You first Where are we?
theon;Season 3;The North
ramsay;Season 3;Too vague
theon;Season 3;Deepwood Motte
ramsay;Season 3;Terrible guess
ramsay;Season 3;Now, where?
theon;Season 3;Last Hearth
ramsay;Season 3;Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?
theon;Season 3;Karhold
ramsay;Season 3;Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?
theon;Season 3;No It was just a guess
ramsay;Season 3;Very good, Lord Theon And who am I?
theon;Season 3;Torrhen Karstark
ramsay;Season 3;Hes dead Strangled by the Kingslayer
theon;Season 3;He was your brother Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark
theon;Season 3;You swore to tell me if I-
ramsay;Season 3;Youre right
theon;Season 3;Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Starks bannerman I betrayed Robb Thats why youre torturing me
ramsay;Season 3;Yes You win
ramsay;Season 3;Of course, you forgot to ask one question You forgot to ask if Im a liar
ramsay;Season 3;Im afraid I am
ramsay;Season 3;Everything I told you is a lie
ramsay;Season 3;This isnt happening to you for a reason Well, one reason I enjoy it
theon;Season 3;Please, cut it off! Cut it off! Cut it off
ramsay;Season 3;I win
robb;Season 3;Thank you for riding here so quickly I know travel isnt easy in these times
black walder;Season 3;The roads are crawling with cutthroats and bandits But when the King of the North summons us, we come
lothar;Season 3;Our father has instructed us to tell you that his alliance with the North can continue if his terms are met Lord Frey requires a formal apology for your violation of your sacred oath to marry one of his daughters
robb;Season 3;Of course He deserves as much I was in the wrong
black walder;Season 3;As restitution for this betrayal, he demands Harrenhal and all its attendant lands
edmure;Season 3;I dont think thats-
robb;Season 3;We are fighting for the North Harrenhal is not in the North It is his once the war is over and we have no further strategic need for it
black walder;Season 3;And theres something else
robb;Season 3;We will do whatever we can to give Lord Frey what he needs
black walder;Season 3;Not what, whom
edmure;Season 3;What?
edmure;Season 3;No
lothar;Season 3;Our father requires Lord Edmure to wed one of his daughters Roslin
edmure;Season 3;How old is she?
edmure;Season 3;Could I see her first?
black walder;Season 3;You want to count her teeth? We depart for the Twins in the morning We need an answer before we leave and a wedding not more than a fortnight thereafter or this alliance is at an end
brynden;Season 3;Your father does realize were in the middle of a war?
lothar;Season 3;Father is old It will put his heart at peace if he could see her wed to a good husband
black walder;Season 3;And his recent experience has made him wary of long engagements
robb;Season 3;He has every right to be Please excuse us while we discuss it
edmure;Season 3;Why should I let that old ferret choose my bride for me? At the very least, I should be offered the same choice you were Im his liege lord
robb;Season 3;Hes a proud man and weve wounded him
edmure;Season 3;I didnt wound him My answer is no
brynden;Season 3;Listen to me and listen very carefully You-
edmure;Season 3;The laws of gods and men are very clear No man can compel another man to marry
brynden;Season 3;The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth
robb;Season 3;Its all right You heard him If you refuse, our alliance with the Freys is dead
edmure;Season 3;Hes wanted me for one of his daughters since I was 12 Hes not gonna stop wanting it now When I say no, he will come back and offer me a daughter of my choosing
catelyn;Season 3;Youre willing to risk our freedom and our lives for a chance at a prettier wife?
robb;Season 3;I have a war to fight We cant win it without them I have no time to haggle You said you wanted to make amends for the Stone Mill
brynden;Season 3;You recall that heroic engagement?
edmure;Season 3;I had something less permanent in mind
robb;Season 3;Ive won every battle, but Im losing this war If we dont do this and do it now, were lost
edmure;Season 3;Ill marry her
robb;Season 3;Youre paying for my sins, Uncle Its not fair or right Ill remember it
roose bolton;Season 3;I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear
brienne;Season 3;Yes Most kind of them Youre a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton I am acting on Lady Starks orders to return Jaime Lannister to Kings Landing
roose bolton;Season 3;When King Robb left Harrenhal, his mother was his prisoner If she wasnt his mother, hed have hanged her for treason
roose bolton;Season 3;I should send you back to Robb Stark
jaime;Season 3;You should But instead, youre sitting here watching me fail at dinner Why might that be?
roose bolton;Season 3;Wars cost money Many people would pay a great deal for you
jaime;Season 3;We both know who would pay the most Or make you pay the most if he found out you had captured me and sent me back up north for a summary execution
roose bolton;Season 3;Youre right Perhaps the safest thing to do is to kill you both and burn your bodies
jaime;Season 3;It would be, if you honestly believed my father would never find out about it
roose bolton;Season 3;King Robb is keeping your father quite busy He doesnt have time for anything else
jaime;Season 3;Hell make time for you
roose bolton;Season 3;As soon as youre well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to Kings Landing as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made And you will swear to tell your father the truth, that I had nothing to do with your maiming
jaime;Season 3;Shall we drink on it?
roose bolton;Season 3;I dont partake
jaime;Season 3;You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people?
jaime;Season 3;Very well My lady, may our journey continue without further incident
roose bolton;Season 3;Oh, she wont be going with you
brienne;Season 3;I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to-
roose bolton;Season 3;You are charged with abetting treason
jaime;Season 3;Im afraid I must insist
roose bolton;Season 3;Youre in no place to insist on anything I would have hoped youd learned your lesson about overplaying your position
olenna;Season 3;Impossible
tywin;Season 3;Why?
olenna;Season 3;My grandson is the pride of Highgarden The most desirable bachelor in all seven kingdoms Your daughter-
tywin;Season 3;Is rich, the most beautiful woman in all seven kingdoms and the mother of the king
olenna;Season 3;Old
tywin;Season 3;Old?
olenna;Season 3;Old Im something of an expert on the subject Her change will be upon her before long Ill spare you the details of what will happen then You men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely
tywin;Season 3;The years punish us as well, I promise you that My stomach remains quite strong, however The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandsons nocturnal activities Do you deny them?
olenna;Season 3;Oh, not at all A sword swallower through and through
tywin;Season 3;And a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the kingdoms and remove the stain from his name
olenna;Season 3;Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your fathers bannermen, squires, stable boys?
tywin;Season 3;Of course
olenna;Season 3;And you never-
tywin;Season 3;No
olenna;Season 3;Not once? Not in any way?
tywin;Season 3;Never
olenna;Season 3;I congratulate you upon your restraint But its a natural thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets
tywin;Season 3;Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior
olenna;Season 3;I wouldnt say that True, we dont tie ourselves in knots over a discreet bit of buggery, but brothers and sisters where I come from, that stain would be very difficult to wash out
tywin;Season 3;I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it
olenna;Season 3;Lie or not, you must admit many people find it quite convincing Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells thanks to our new affiliation
tywin;Season 3;I dont care what people believe And neither do you
olenna;Season 3;As an authority on myself, I must disagree
tywin;Season 3;Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no king at all and House Tyrell is throwing its prized flower into the dirt
olenna;Season 3;And if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, were throwing another prized flower into the dirt It is a chance we simply cannot take
tywin;Season 3;The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable All right Ill remove it for you
tywin;Season 3;If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard Im sure youre familiar with the Kingsguard vows He will never marry He will never have children
tywin;Season 3;The Tyrell name will fade And Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery
olenna;Season 3;You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?
tywin;Season 3;I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior who takes his vows seriously So, shall I draw up the order? Or do you consent to this marriage?
olenna;Season 3;Its a rare enough thing a man who lives up to his reputation
orell;Season 3;No
orell;Season 3;Weve gotta cut them loose
tormund;Season 3;No! They hang and dangle helplessly far from the wall, swinging back and forth ORELL continues to cut through the rope finally swings far enough to plant his axe in solid ice At the same moment, ORELL cuts through the rope and YGRITTE plummets, limbs spinning Her fall halts when the rope t goes taught
jon;Season 3;Take my hand
sansa;Season 3;Thats a wonderful pin
loras;Season 3;Oh, its more of a brooch, really Though I suppose a brooch is a sort of pin
so sansa;Season 3;Im very happy about
loras;Season 3;Uh, yes I-I am as well
sansa;Season 3;I feel like Im in a dream
loras;Season 3;Yes, me, too Definitely Ive dreamed of a large wedding since I was quite young The guests, the food, the tournaments And the bride, of course The most beautiful bride in the world in a beautiful gown of gold and green brocade with fringed sleeves Have you ever been to Highgarden, my lady?
sansa;Season 3;No I had never left Winterfell before I came to Kings Landing But it sounds wonderful I cant wait to see it And to leave this place
loras;Season 3;Its terrible, isnt it? The most terrible place there is
tyrion;Season 3;I dont suppose theres anything we can do about this
cersei;Season 3;We can have them both killed
tyrion;Season 3;Its hard to say which of the four of us is getting the worst of this arrangement Probably Sansa Though Loras will certainly come to know a deep and singular misery
cersei;Season 3;Father doesnt discriminate Were all being shipped off to hell together
tyrion;Season 3;On a boat you built
cersei;Season 3;The Tyrells were plotting to undermine our family I did what I did to protect our family
tyrion;Season 3;Im your family A member of your family who has actively contributed to that familys survival Whether or not you or Father or anyone else wants to admit it
cersei;Season 3;I do admit it If it werent for your trick with the wildfire, Stannis would have sacked the city before Father got here Our heads would still be rotting on the city gate
tyrion;Season 3;Trying to have me killed is an odd way of saying thank you There are two people in Kings Landing who can give an order to a Kingsguard Did you or did you not order Ser Mandon to kill me during the Battle of the Blackwater?
tyrion;Season 3;The impulse I understand He hates me because Im the only one who tells him what he really is So, fair enough He wants me dead But his stupidity? He could have had me poisoned and no one would have known But the king orders a Kingsguard to murder the Hand of the King in full view of his own army The boys an idiot
cersei;Season 3;What do you want me to say?
tyrion;Season 3;I want you to tell me if my life is still in danger
cersei;Season 3;Probably But not from Joffrey He wont do anything now Fathers here
tyrion;Season 3;Seven kingdoms united in fear of Tywin Lannister
cersei;Season 3;Not the Tyrells Soon they wont need to be afraid of him Joffrey will belong to Margaery, the little doe-eyed whore And so will his children and their children History will be taken from our hands
tyrion;Season 3;You may escape, at least Once Jaime gets back, Ser Loras may come down with a terrible case of sword through bowels
cersei;Season 3;When Jaime gets back, yes But when do we think thats going to be? Hes out there somewhere
tyrion;Season 3;Jaime or not, Im truly fucked
cersei;Season 3;Whos going to tell her?
sansa;Season 3;Do you think people will like it?
shae;Season 3;I dont think they will even notice it
sansa;Season 3;Youre right Its not my wedding Anyway, from what I can tell, the dressmakers in Highgarden will be far superior to the ones in Kings Landing Theyd never make me anything as dull as this for my wedding Loras likes green and gold brocade
shae;Season 3;Im sure he does
sansa;Season 3;Will they let me invite my family?
shae;Season 3;They havent asked my opinion
sansa;Season 3;But do you think they will?
shae;Season 3;No
maid;Season 3;Lady Sansa, Lord Tyrion to see you Should I-
tyrion;Season 3;I beg your pardon, my lady
sansa;Season 3;Good afternoon, Lord Tyrion I was just trying on a gown for King Joffreys wedding
tyrion;Season 3;Yes, it should be quite a wedding I need to speak with you, Lady Sansa
sansa;Season 3;Of course
tyrion;Season 3;Alone, if I may
shae;Season 3;Why do you need to speak to her alone?
sansa;Season 3;Shae Please excuse her, Lord Tyrion Shes not from here But I trust her, even though she tells me not to
tyrion;Season 3;Sometimes we think we want to hear something and its only afterwards when its too late that we realize we wished wed heard it under entirely different circumstances
sansa;Season 3;Its all right, really
tyrion;Season 3;How to begin? Its this this this is awkward
varys;Season 3;1000 blades taken from the hands of Aegons fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread
littlefinger;Season 3;There arent There arent even 200 Ive counted
varys;Season 3;Ha, Im sure you have Ugly old thing Yet it has a certain appeal The Lysa Arryn of chairs Shame you had to settle for your second choice
littlefinger;Season 3;Early days, my friend It is flattering, really you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want
varys;Season 3;Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you Although who doesnt like to see their friends fail now and then?
littlefinger;Season 3;Youre so right For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells If Im going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakable sense of enjoyment there But your confidant, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didnt bring her any enjoyment And she didnt bring me any enjoyment She was a bad investment on my part Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new Something daring And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience
varys;Season 3;I did what I did for the good of the realm
littlefinger;Season 3;The realm? Do you know what the realm is? Its the thousand blades of Aegons enemies A story we agree to tell each other over and over till we forget that its a lie
varys;Season 3;But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all
littlefinger;Season 3;Chaos isnt a pit Chaos is a ladder
littlefinger;Season 3;Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again The fall breaks them
ygritte;Season 3;How far are we?
jon;Season 3;About a week, I think
ygritte;Season 3;You think? You dont know?
jon;Season 3;When we went to Castle Black, we took the kingsroad
ygritte;Season 3;You and your roads Is that how you lot do your fighting? You march down the road banging drums and waving banners?
jon;Season 3;Most of the time, yes
ygritte;Season 3;How do the men holding the banners fight?
jon;Season 3;They dont, really Its a great honor to carry your house sigil
ygritte;Season 3;And the drummers is that a great honor, too?
jon;Season 3;Usually its the young boys banging the drums
ygritte;Season 3;So what good are they?
jon;Season 3;They help the men march
ygritte;Season 3;How?
jon;Season 3;Well, its its the rhythm
ygritte;Season 3;Oh, you mean right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot? You need help remembering that? When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we wont be banging on drums to let them know were coming
jon;Season 3;No No, youre just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen to let them know youre coming
ygritte;Season 3;You know nothing, Jon Snow
orell;Season 3;Shes right, you dont
jon;Season 3;I know you cut me loose on the Wall
orell;Season 3;Cut her loose, too Do you see her sulking about it? Thats because she understands the way things are
jon;Season 3;And are you gonna share it with me? The deep wisdom you found inside the head of a bird?
orell;Season 3;People work together when it suits them Theyre loyal when it suits them They love each other when it suits them And they kill each other when it suits them She knows that, you dont Which is why youll never hold onto her
brynden;Season 3;That rain will cost us another day
robb;Season 3;Frey will wait He knows were coming
catelyn;Season 3;Lord Walder is prickly by nature
brynden;Season 3;Prickly? That what you call it? Might be the least pleasant man Ive ever met
catelyn;Season 3;Yes, and that is why-
brynden;Season 3;Ive seen wet shits I liked better than Walder Frey Apologies, Your Grace Spent too many years around lancers and pikemen
talisa;Season 3;Ive spent the last two years nursing wounded men, watching them bleed and die Im not afraid of wet shits
catelyn;Season 3;Lord Frey will take this delay as a slight
edmure;Season 3;He can take it as he likes Hes getting the wedding he wanted
catelyn;Season 3;Hes getting a wedding It was a king he wanted
robb;Season 3;Edmure is the best match a Frey has had in the history of their house We should all get some sleep
robb;Season 3;If you dont put some clothes on, I cant promise I wont attack you again
talisa;Season 3;Attack Attack
robb;Season 3;Who are you writing?
talisa;Season 3;My mother
robb;Season 3;Is that Valyrian?
talisa;Season 3;Gaaa
robb;Season 3;Gaaa? Say hello for me
talisa;Season 3;Rytsas
robb;Season 3;Ritsas
talisa;Season 3;That was close enough
robb;Season 3;Does she know her daughters a queen?
talisa;Season 3;Not yet
robb;Season 3;That will be a surprise, I expect
talisa;Season 3;Many surprises for her
robb;Season 3;How am I supposed to sit here planning a war when youre over there looking like that?
talisa;Season 3;Will you come with me one day to Volantis? When all this is over?
robb;Season 3;I will
talisa;Season 3;I promise I know shed love to meet you And her grandchild
robb;Season 3;What, now? Are you certain?
talisa;Season 3;Are you angry with me?
robb;Season 3;Angry? Youre my queen
talisa;Season 3;And I have your little prince or princess inside me
robb;Season 3;Maybe one of each
talisa;Season 3;Dont get greedy
talisa;Season 3;Can you leave the war for one night?
robb;Season 3;I love you Do you hear me? I love you
tormund;Season 3;Most men fuck like dogs
tormund;Season 3;No grace, no skill A few dozen thrusts and done You need to be patient Give her time Your cock shouldnt go near her till shes slick as a baby seal And then you go inside, but slowly Dont jam it in like youre spearing a pig Come on! Hey, come on
orell;Season 3;You think he loves you, is that it? What did he tell you? Hes gonna make you his lady and live with you in some castle?
ygritte;Season 3;No, he didnt tell me anything He barely talks
orell;Season 3;Ive seen you two whispering in the night, giggling like a pair of girls
ygritte;Season 3;What, youre jealous?
orell;Season 3;Of course Im jealous You should be with one of your own
ygritte;Season 3;And youre one of my own? Ive never heard a kind word from your mouth
orell;Season 3;You would if you were mine Id tell you that youre beautiful and fierce and wild Id be good to you You love him?
orell;Season 3;Cause hes pretty? Is that it? You like his pretty hair and his pretty eyes? You think pretty is gonna make you happy?
ygritte;Season 3;Dont touch me
orell;Season 3;You wont love him so much when you find out what he really is
sansa;Season 3;Growing up at Winterfell, all I ever wanted was to escape, to come here to the capital See the southern knights and their painted armor and Kings Landing after dark all the candles burning in all those windows Im stupid A stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns
margaery;Season 3;Come on Come walk with me
margaery;Season 3;I remember the first time I saw you in the throne room Id never seen anyone who looked so unhappy I want very much for you to be happy, Sansa, and so does my grandmother
margaery;Season 3;You would have been happy at Highgarden But women in our position must make the best of our circumstances
sansa;Season 3;How do I make the best of my circumstances? I have to marry him
margaery;Season 3;Has Lord Tyrion mistreated you?
sansa;Season 3;No
margaery;Season 3;Has he been kind to you?
sansa;Season 3;Hes tried
margaery;Season 3;You dont want him, though
sansa;Season 3;Hes a Lannister
margaery;Season 3;Far from the worst Lannister, wouldnt you say?
sansa;Season 3;Im sorry Here I am complaining to you
margaery;Season 3;My son will be king Sons learn from their mothers I plan to teach mine a great deal And your son, if Im not mistaken, your son might be the Lord of Casterly Rock and the North someday What?
sansa;Season 3;My son with him Ill have to well have to-
margaery;Season 3;If its the pain youre worried about-
sansa;Season 3;Im not afraid of the pain Not after what Joffreys done to me
margaery;Season 3;What is it, then? Hes rather good-looking even with the scar Especially with the scar
sansa;Season 3;Hes a dwarf And Loras Loras
margaery;Season 3;Some women like tall men Some like short men Some like hairy men Some like bald men Gentle men, rough men, ugly men, pretty men, pretty girls Most women dont know what they like until theyve tried it And, sadly, so many of us get to try so little before were old and gray Tyrion may surprise you From what Ive heard, hes quite experienced
sansa;Season 3;And thats a good thing?
margaery;Season 3;It can be Were very complicated, you know Pleasing us takes practice
sansa;Season 3;How do you know all this? Did your mother teach you?
margaery;Season 3;Yes, sweet girl My mother taught me
tyrion;Season 3;Shes a child
bronn;Season 3;Shes a foot taller than you
tyrion;Season 3;A tall child
bronn;Season 3;Whats the youngest youve ever had?
tyrion;Season 3;Not that young
bronn;Season 3;How much older?
tyrion;Season 3;Older
bronn;Season 3;Youre a lord, shes a lady And a beauty at that I dont see the problem
tyrion;Season 3;Shae isnt going to like it
bronn;Season 3;Shae is a whore Are you gonna marry her? Eh? How did marrying a whore work out for you the first time?
tyrion;Season 3;I should never have told you about that
bronn;Season 3;You want Shae, keep her Wed one and bed the other All you have to do is get a son in the Stark girl Hell be Lord of Winterfell one day You can rule the North in his name Youll have two women and a whole kingdom of your own
tyrion;Season 3;Two women to despise me and a whole kingdom to join them
bronn;Season 3;You waste time trying to get people to love you, youll end up the most popular dead man in town You want to fuck that Stark girl You just dont want to admit it
tyrion;Season 3;I dont pay you to put evil notions in my head The ones already there dont need company
bronn;Season 3;You pay me to kill people who bother you Evil notions come free
tywin;Season 3;Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;Grandfather
tywin;Season 3;You wanted to speak to me?
joffrey;Season 3;Yes Id like a report on the meetings of my small council
tywin;Season 3;Youre welcome to attend the meetings of your small council, Your Grace Any or all of them
joffrey;Season 3;Ive been very busy Many important matters require a kings attention
tywin;Season 3;Of course
joffrey;Season 3;Youve been holding the council meetings in the Tower of the Hand instead of the small council chamber
tywin;Season 3;I have, yes
joffrey;Season 3;May I ask why?
tywin;Season 3;The Tower of the Hand is where I work To walk from there to here would take time, time I could otherwise spend productively
joffrey;Season 3;So if I wanted to attend a council meeting, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand?
tywin;Season 3;We could arrange to have you carried
joffrey;Season 3;Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the east and her dragons
tywin;Season 3;Where did you hear about this?
joffrey;Season 3;Is it true?
tywin;Season 3;Apparently so
joffrey;Season 3;Dont you think we ought to do something about it?
tywin;Season 3;When I was Hand of the King under your fathers predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room The skull of the last of them was right here It was the size of an apple
joffrey;Season 3;And the biggest was the size of a carriage
tywin;Season 3;Yes, and the creature to whom it belonged died 300 years ago Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us
joffrey;Season 3;But how do we know these dragons are just curiosities and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?
tywin;Season 3;Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the realm by counseling the king on matters about which he knows nothing
joffrey;Season 3;But I havent been counseled
tywin;Season 3;You are being counseled at this very moment
joffrey;Season 3;I should be consulted about such things
tywin;Season 3;From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters whenever necessary Your Grace
jorah;Season 3;Yunkai The Yellow City
barristan;Season 3;The Yunkish train bed slaves, not soldiers We can defeat them
jorah;Season 3;On the field, with ease But they wont meet us on the field They have provisions, patience, and strong walls If theyre wise, theyll hide behind those walls and chip away at us, man by man
daenerys;Season 3;I dont want half my army killed before Ive crossed the Narrow Sea
jorah;Season 3;We dont need Yunkai, khaleesi Taking this city will not bring you any closer to Westeros or the Iron Throne
daenerys;Season 3;How many slaves are there in Yunkai?
jorah;Season 3;200,000 if not more
daenerys;Season 3;Then we have 200,000 reasons to take the city
daenerys;Season 3;Send a man to the city gates Tell the slavers I will receive them here, and accept their surrender Otherwise, Yunkai will suffer the same fate as Astapor
missandei;Season 3;Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace
missandei;Season 3;Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons
daenerys;Season 3;You may approach Sit
missandei;Season 3;Will the noble lord take refreshment?
kraznys mo nakloz;Season 3;Ancient and glorious is Yunkai Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria Many an army has broken against our walls You shall find no easy conquest here, khaleesi
daenerys;Season 3;Good My Unsullied need practice I was told to blood them early
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;If blood is your desire, blood shall flow But why? Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;The wise masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship
daenerys;Season 3;My ship?
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;Yes, khaleesi As I said, we are a generous people You shall have as many ships as you require
daenerys;Season 3;And what do you ask in return?
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;All we ask is that you make use of these ships Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace
daenerys;Season 3;I have a gift for you as well Your life
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;My life?
daenerys;Season 3;And the lives of your wise masters But I also want something in return You will release every slave in Yunkai Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;You are mad We are not Astapor or Qarth We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you Those who survive, we shall enslave once more Perhaps well make a slave of you as well
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;You swore me safe conduct
daenerys;Season 3;I did, but my dragons made no promises And you threatened their mother
radzal mo eraz;Season 3;Take the gold
daenerys;Season 3;My gold You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use Youd be wise to do the same with my gift to you Now get out
barristan;Season 3;The Yunkish are a proud people They will not bend
daenerys;Season 3;And what happens to things that dont bend? He said he had powerful friends Who was he talking about?
jorah;Season 3;I dont know
daenerys;Season 3;Find out
shae;Season 3;Chains?
tyrion;Season 3;Solid gold from the mines outside Lannisport Smithed in Casterly Rock
shae;Season 3;Golden chains
tyrion;Season 3;You could buy a ship with these
shae;Season 3;Do I need a ship?
tyrion;Season 3;What?
shae;Season 3;Am I going somewhere?
tyrion;Season 3;Of course youre not going anywhere
shae;Season 3;So, am I invited to your wedding?
tyrion;Season 3;I didnt ask for this marriage I didnt want it
shae;Season 3;No? Shes a beautiful girl You said so yourself
tyrion;Season 3;That doesnt mean that this is duty, not desire
shae;Season 3;Is that what you will tell yourself when you fuck her?
tyrion;Season 3;I dont have a choice My father-
shae;Season 3;Does not rule the world We can still go across the Narrow Sea
tyrion;Season 3;What would I do there? Juggle? I am a Lannister of Casterly Rock
shae;Season 3;And Im Shae the funny whore
tyrion;Season 3;My feelings for you have not changed I will marry Sansa Stark and do my duty by her
shae;Season 3;While I empty her chamber pot and lick your cock when youre bored?
tyrion;Season 3;I swear to you it will not be like that
shae;Season 3;No? What will it be like?
tyrion;Season 3;I will buy you a good home somewhere in the city You will have fine clothes, guards to keep you safe, servants Any children we might have will be well provided for
shae;Season 3;Children? You think I want children who can never see their father? Who would be killed in their sleep if their grandfather found out about them?
tyrion;Season 3;Listen Listen to me, my lady
shae;Season 3;Im not your lady
tyrion;Season 3;You are Youll always be my lady
shae;Season 3;Im your whore And when you are tired of fucking me, I will be nothing
gendry;Season 3;What happened?
melisandre;Season 3;Wildfire I should have been here
gendry;Season 3;After all the running and fighting, here I am, back where I started
melisandre;Season 3;Do you miss it?
gendry;Season 3;Kings Landing?
melisandre;Season 3;Your fathers house
gendry;Season 3;Never had a father Never wanted one
melisandre;Season 3;Havent you ever wondered where your strength came from? Your talent for fighting?
gendry;Season 3;Im lowborn As low as can be My mother was a tavern wench
melisandre;Season 3;Mine was a slave So was I Bought and sold, scourged and branded, until the Lord of Light reached down, took me in his hand and raised me up
gendry;Season 3;I was born in Flea Bottom
melisandre;Season 3;Your blood is noble
gendry;Season 3;Are you saying my father, he was some lord or
melisandre;Season 3;There Your fathers house
gendry;Season 3;Im just a bastard
melisandre;Season 3;The bastard of Robert of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men Why do you think the gold cloaks wanted you? There is power in a kings blood
beric;Season 3;Come sit by the fire, child
thoros;Season 3;Not talking, eh? Thats a first
arya;Season 3;I dont talk to traitors
beric;Season 3;I didnt like giving up the boy
arya;Season 3;But you did You took the gold and you gave him up
beric;Season 3;The Red God is the one true god Youve seen his power When he commands, we obey
arya;Season 3;Hes not my one true god
beric;Season 3;No? Whos yours?
arya;Season 3;Death
anguy;Season 3;Spotted a Lannister raiding party
beric;Season 3;How many?
anguy;Season 3;No more than 20
beric;Season 3;How far?
anguy;Season 3;Less than a days ride south
thoros;Season 3;What do you say, boys? Time for a lion hunt?
men;Season 3;Yeah
arya;Season 3;But what about Riverrun? Its not south Its west of here
thoros;Season 3;It will still be west of here two days from now
arya;Season 3;You swore
beric;Season 3;To take you home, and I will But we need to do this first
arya;Season 3;Why? So you can steal their gold?
beric;Season 3;I swear to you, this isnt-
arya;Season 3;I dont care what you swear because youre a liar You lied to Gendry, you lied to me Youll lie to anyone I hope the Lannisters kill you all
beric;Season 3;One day youll understand, but now-
beric;Season 3;Anguy, bring her back
man;Season 3;Come back, girl
sandor;Season 3;Kick all you like, wolf girl Wont do you no good
brienne;Season 3;I thought you were gone
jaime;Season 3;Tomorrow
brienne;Season 3;Have they told you what they plan to do with me?
jaime;Season 3;Lord Boltons traveling tomorrow as well Hes going to the Twins for Edmure Tullys wedding Youre to remain here
brienne;Season 3;With Locke?
jaime;Season 3;I owe you a debt
brienne;Season 3;When Catelyn Stark released you, we both made a promise to her Now its your promise You gave your word Keep it and consider the debt paid
jaime;Season 3;I will return the Stark girls to their mother I swear it
brienne;Season 3;Good-bye, Ser Jaime
qyburn;Season 3;Here Let me
qyburn;Season 3;It will take time
roose bolton;Season 3;Qyburn hopes your father will force the Citadel to give him back his chain
jaime;Season 3;My father will make him Grand Maester if he grows me a new hand
roose bolton;Season 3;You will give my regards to Lord Tywin, I trust?
jaime;Season 3;Tell Robb Stark Im sorry I couldnt make his uncles wedding The Lannisters send their regards
locke;Season 3;Safe journey, Kingslayer Nothing to say? I liked you better before I dont remember chopping your balls off, too And dont you worry about your friend Well take good care of her
myranda;Season 3;Shh
violet;Season 3;Gentle, my lord Gentle
violet;Season 3;Shh shh shh Myranda knows what shes doing Let her She trained as a septa, only she had other urges
myranda;Season 3;So did the septons, only they lied about it
theon;Season 3;Where is he?
violet;Season 3;Who, my lord?
myranda;Season 3;Theres no one here but you, me, and Violet
theon;Season 3;Please
violet;Season 3;Dont you want us to see it?
myranda;Season 3;Oh, come on Let us see it Everybody talks about it
theon;Season 3;He sent you
myranda;Season 3;Who sent us?
violet;Season 3;We sent ourselves, Lord Greyjoy
myranda;Season 3;We heard so much about it
theon;Season 3;Please
violet;Season 3;Oh! There it is
violet;Season 3;Oh Do you think were ugly? He thinks were ugly
myranda;Season 3;Well, hes been through so much Look at his poor face
theon;Season 3;Help me If he comes back
violet;Season 3;We need to make him feel better
myranda;Season 3;And how can we make him feel better?
violet;Season 3;I have an idea
violet;Season 3;Oh, shes shy You know how they are, these religious girls
myranda;Season 3;Maybe he doesnt know how we are
myranda;Season 3;Oh I felt something Oh, Lord Greyjoy
violet;Season 3;As good as they say?
myranda;Season 3;Mmm
violet;Season 3;And why should you get all the fun?
myranda;Season 3;What? You like her better?
violet;Season 3;Plenty there for both of us
myranda;Season 3;I was here first
ramsay;Season 3;Im sorry Im sorry Terrible timing
ramsay;Season 3;But I was getting jealous
ramsay;Season 3;Well? Should we see this cock everyones always going on about?
ramsay;Season 3;Everyone knows you love girls I bet you always thought they loved you back
ramsay;Season 3;Your famous cock must be very precious to you Would you say its your most precious part?
theon;Season 3;Please No No! Mercy, please! Please, mercy! Mercy
ramsay;Season 3;This is mercy Im not killing you Just making a few alterations
theon;Season 3;No! No! No! Please, no! No! No! No, please! Please
jon;Season 3;Youre gonna scare it off
ygritte;Season 3;Im not gonna scare it Im gonna kill it
jon;Season 3;Its too far away
cut to;Season 3;The northern woods, later
ygritte;Season 3;Is that a palace?
jon;Season 3;Its a windmill
ygritte;Season 3;Windmill Who built it? Some king?
jon;Season 3;Just the men who used to live here
ygritte;Season 3;They must have been great builders, stacking stones so high
jon;Season 3;Winterfell has towers three times that size
ygritte;Season 3;Im Jon Snow and Im from Winterfell My daddy was a fancy lord and I lived in a tower that touched the clouds
jon;Season 3;If youre impressed by a windmill, youd be swooning if you saw the Great Keep at Winterfell
ygritte;Season 3;Whats swooning?
jon;Season 3;Fainting
ygritte;Season 3;Whats fainting?
jon;Season 3;When a girl sees blood and collapses
ygritte;Season 3;Why would a girl see blood and collapse?
jon;Season 3;Well not all girls are like you
ygritte;Season 3;Well, girls see more blood than boys Or do you like girls who swoon, Jon Snow? Oh, a spider! Save me, Jon Snow
ygritte;Season 3;My dress is made of the purest silk from Tralalalaleeday
jon;Season 3;Id like to see you in a silk dress
ygritte;Season 3;Would you?
jon;Season 3;So I could tear it off you
ygritte;Season 3;Well, you rip my pretty silk dress, Ill blacken your eye
jon;Season 3;Maybe one day Ill take you to Winterfell
ygritte;Season 3;Or maybe one day Ill take you there After weve taken our land back
jon;Season 3;Ygritte You wont win I know your people are brave, no one denies that
ygritte;Season 3;You know nothing-
jon;Season 3;Six times in the last thousand years, a King has attacked the kingdoms Six times they failed
ygritte;Season 3;And how do you know that?
jon;Season 3;Every boy in the North knows it We grow up learning it Where the battles were fought, the names of the heroes, who died where Six times youve invaded and six times youve failed The seventh will be the same
ygritte;Season 3;Mance is different
jon;Season 3;You dont have the discipline You dont have the training Your army is no army You dont know how to fight together
ygritte;Season 3;You dont know that
jon;Season 3;I do I know it If you attack the Wall, youll die All of you
ygritte;Season 3;All of us
ygritte;Season 3;Youre mine as Im yours And if we die, we die But first well live
jon;Season 3;Yes, first well live
osha;Season 3;Whats he going on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat while we do all the work?
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
jojen;Season 3;Thats where we are
osha;Season 3;What are you telling him?
bran;Season 3;Its all right, Osha
osha;Season 3;Its not all right You think I cant hear you every day? Filling his head with black magic Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse
meera;Season 3;Leave him alone
osha;Season 3;He can speak for himself
jojen;Season 3;I dont fill his head with anything
osha;Season 3;So what do you talk about?
jojen;Season 3;Whats happening to him and what that means
osha;Season 3;Go on, then Tell us what it means
jojen;Season 3;Its not like that I wish I could tell him all the answers It would be much easier
osha;Season 3;I dont want you talking to him anymore Until we get to your brother at Castle Black
jojen;Season 3;Were not going to Castle Black
osha;Season 3;What did you say?
jojen;Season 3;I told you already Jon Snow isnt there Bran needs to find the raven beyond the Wall
osha;Season 3;Oh, no Im not going back there Your brother is at Castle Black Thats where were going Look at me
bran;Season 3;The ravens been coming to me ever since I fell from that tower He wants me to find him I dont have my legs anymore This is what I have now
osha;Season 3;You have a family You need to go back to Castle Black so you can get back to them where you belong
bran;Season 3;What if I belong in the North? What if I fell from that tower for a reason?
osha;Season 3;Is that what hes telling you? That its all for a reason? All these bad things happened because the gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little lord But the gods wouldnt spare a ravens cold shit for you or me or anyone
bran;Season 3;You dont understand You dont know
osha;Season 3;You dont know None of you know None of you have been up there I had a man once A good man Bruni, his name was I was his and he was mine But one night Bruni disappears People said he left me, but I knew him Hed never leave me Not for long
osha;Season 3;I knew hed come back And he did He came in through the back of the hut Only it wasnt Bruni Not really His skin was pale like a dead mans His eyes bluer than clear sky He came at me, grabbed me by the neck and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me I dont know how I got the knife When I did, I stuck it deep into his heart And he hardly seemed to notice I had to burn our hut down with him inside I didnt ask the gods what it meant I didnt need to I already knew It meant the North was no place for men to be Not anymore I promised your maester Id get you to Castle Black and no further
qyburn;Season 3;How is the pain, my lord?
jaime;Season 3;Whats the purpose of an arm with no hand?
qyburn;Season 3;Well, weve stymied the corruption
jaime;Season 3;Yes, weve stymied the corruption Youre a learned man
qyburn;Season 3;All the good its done me
jaime;Season 3;You did well sewing up this mess Youre far better at this sort of work than Grand Maester Pycelle
qyburn;Season 3;Faint praise, my lord
jaime;Season 3;So why did the Citadel take your chain? Did you fondle one boy too many?
qyburn;Season 3;No, my lord Thats not my weakness
jaime;Season 3;What is?
qyburn;Season 3;Curiosity The only way to treat disease is to understand disease And the only way to understand it is to study the afflicted
jaime;Season 3;You performed experiments on living men
qyburn;Season 3;On dying men
jaime;Season 3;With their permission?
qyburn;Season 3;My studies have given me insight that has saved many lives
jaime;Season 3;Dying paupers, I assume Men with no families to complain You found them moaning in the poorhouse and had them carted back to your garret and opened up their bellies to see what was inside
qyburn;Season 3;How many men have you killed, my lord?
jaime;Season 3;I dont know
qyburn;Season 3;50? 100?
qyburn;Season 3;Countless
jaime;Season 3;Countless has a nice ring to it
qyburn;Season 3;And how many lives have you saved?
jaime;Season 3;Half a million The population of Kings Landing You were in charge of the ravens at Harrenhal Did you did you get a bird off to Briennes father in Tarth?
qyburn;Season 3;A bird flew off and a bird flew back Lord Selwyn Tarth offered 300 gold dragons for his daughters safe return
jaime;Season 3;A fair offer
qyburn;Season 3;A fair offer Locke wont take it
jaime;Season 3;Why not?
qyburn;Season 3;Hes convinced Lord Tarth owns all the sapphire mines in Westeros
qyburn;Season 3;He feels hes being cheated
jaime;Season 3;Theyd be fools to kill her
qyburn;Season 3;These men have been at war a long time Most of them will be dead by winter Shell be their entertainment tonight Beyond tonight, I dont think they care very much
jaime;Season 3;We have to return to Harrenhal
steelshanks walton;Season 3;Why?
jaime;Season 3;Ive left something behind
steelshanks walton;Season 3;Absolutely not Ive got orders from Lord Bolton
jaime;Season 3;And what are those orders?
steelshanks walton;Season 3;To deliver you to your father at Kings Landing
jaime;Season 3;You think youll get a reward
steelshanks walton;Season 3;I serve Lord Bolton Any appreciation your father-
jaime;Season 3;You think youre getting a reward Let me explain something to you When my father sees me, the first thing hes going to ask is what happened to my hand And Im going to tell him this man chopped it off
steelshanks walton;Season 3;I had nothing-
jaime;Season 3;Or I could tell him this man saved my life We return to Harrenhal now
jaime;Season 3;Whoa
steelshanks walton;Season 3;Eyes open, lads
jaime;Season 3;Be quiet
men;Season 3;The bear, the bear and the maiden fair / From there to here, from here to there All black and brown and covered in hair He smelled that girl in the summer air The bear, the bear, and the maiden fair
man;Season 3;Dont spare her Dont spare her
locke;Season 3;Well, this is one shameful fucking performance Stop running and fight
jaime;Season 3;A wooden sword?
locke;Season 3;I thought youd gone
jaime;Season 3;You gave her a wooden sword
locke;Season 3;Weve only got one bear
jaime;Season 3;Ill pay her bloody ransom Gold, sapphires, whatever you want Just get her out of there
locke;Season 3;All you lords and ladies still think that the only thing that matters is gold
locke;Season 3;This makes me happier than all your gold ever could And that makes me happier than all her sapphires So go buy yourself a golden hand and fuck yourself with it
brienne;Season 3;Ah
jaime;Season 3;Get behind me
brienne;Season 3;I will not
locke;Season 3;What the fuck are you doing to my bear?
steelshanks walton;Season 3;Lord Bolton charged me with bringing him back to Kings Landing alive and thats what I aim to do
jaime;Season 3;Pull her up
brienne;Season 3;Hold my legs
brienne;Season 3;Pull him up
locke;Season 3;The bitch stays
jaime;Season 3;Were taking her to Kings Landing Unless you kill me
locke;Season 3;She belongs to me Lord Boltons orders
jaime;Season 3;What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton? Getting his pet rat a reward or ensuring Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive?
sandor;Season 3;Ill give you one try, girl
sandor;Season 3;Kill me and youre free But if I live, Ill break both your hands Go on, hit me Hit me hard
sandor;Season 3;Sulk all you want The truth is, youre lucky You dont want to be alone out here, girl Someone worse than me would find you
arya;Season 3;Theres no one worse than you
sandor;Season 3;Ha, you never knew my brother He once killed a man for snoring Theres plenty worse than me Theres men who like to beat little girls, men who like to rape them I saved your sister from some of them
arya;Season 3;Youre lying
sandor;Season 3;Ask her, if you ever see her again Ask her who came back for her when the mob had her on her back They would have taken her every which way and left her there with her throat cut open
arya;Season 3;Is that the Blackwater?
sandor;Season 3;The Blackwater? Where do you think Im taking you?
arya;Season 3;Back to Kings Landing to Joffrey and the queen
sandor;Season 3;Fuck Joffrey Fuck the queen Thats the Red Fork Im taking you to the Twins
arya;Season 3;But why?
sandor;Season 3;Because your mother and brother will be there and theyll pay me for you
arya;Season 3;Why would they be at the Twins?
sandor;Season 3;Those outlaws you love so much never told you? The whole countryside is yapping about it Your uncle is marrying one of the Frey girls So quit trying to bash my skull in and we might just make it there in time for the wedding
barristan;Season 3;Men who fight for gold have neither honor nor loyalty They cannot be trusted
jorah;Season 3;They can be trusted to kill you if theyre well paid The Yunkish are paying them well
daenerys;Season 3;You know these men?
jorah;Season 3;Only by the broken swords on their banners Theyre called the Second Sons A company led by a Braavosi named Mero, The Titans Bastard
daenerys;Season 3;Is he more titan or bastard?
jorah;Season 3;Hes a dangerous man, khaleesi They all are
daenerys;Season 3;How many?
barristan;Season 3;2,000, Your Grace Armored and mounted
daenerys;Season 3;Enough to make a difference?
daenerys;Season 3;Its hard to collect wages from a corpse Im sure the sellswords prefer to fight for the winning side
jorah;Season 3;I imagine youre right
daenerys;Season 3;Id like to talk to the Titans Bastard about winning
jorah;Season 3;He may not agree to meet
daenerys;Season 3;He will A man who fights for gold cant afford to lose to a girl
barristan;Season 3;Your Grace, allow me to present the captains of the Second Sons Mero of Braavos, Prendahl na Ghezn, and-
daario;Season 3;Daario Naharis
mero;Season 3;You are the Mother of Dragons? I swear I fucked you once in a pleasure house in Lys
jorah;Season 3;Mind your tongue
mero;Season 3;Why? I didnt mind hers She licked my ass like she was born to do it
mero;Season 3;You, slave girl, bring wine
daenerys;Season 3;We have no slaves here
mero;Season 3;Youll all be slaves after the battle unless I save you Take your clothes off and come and sit on Meros lap and I may give you my Second Sons
daenerys;Season 3;Give me your Second Sons and I may not have you gelded Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?
barristan;Season 3;Under 2,000, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 3;We have more, dont we?
barristan;Season 3;10,000 Unsullied
daenerys;Season 3;Im only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us
daario;Season 3;I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie You have 8,000 Unsullied
daenerys;Season 3;Youre very young to be a captain
prendahl;Season 3;Hes not a captain Hes a lieutenant
daenerys;Season 3;Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds dont favor your side
mero;Season 3;The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won
jorah;Season 3;The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run
daenerys;Season 3;Or you could fight for me
mero;Season 3;Weve taken the slavers gold We fight for Yunkai
daenerys;Season 3;I would pay you as much and more
prendahl;Season 3;Our contract is our bond If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again
daenerys;Season 3;Ride with me and youll never need another contract Youll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing when I take back the Seven Kingdoms
daario;Season 3;You have no ships You have no siege weapons You have no cavalry
daenerys;Season 3;A fortnight ago, I had no army A year ago, I had no dragons You have two days to decide
mero;Season 3;Show me your cunt I want to see if its worth fighting for
grey worm;Season 3;My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you?
daenerys;Season 3;These men are our guests You seem to be enjoying my wine Perhaps youd like a flagon to help you ponder
mero;Season 3;Only a flagon? And what are my brothers in arms to drink?
daenerys;Season 3;A barrel, then
mero;Season 3;Good The Titans Bastard does not drink alone In the Second Sons, we share everything After the battle, maybe well all share you
mero;Season 3;Ill come looking for you when this is over
daenerys;Season 3;Ser Barristan, if it comes to battle, kill that one first
barristan;Season 3;Gladly, Your Grace
stannis;Season 3;Half Robert, half lowborn
melisandre;Season 3;Show the boy to his chambers Have the maids draw him a bath and find him some decent clothes Ill come visit you soon
stannis;Season 3;What do you mean to do with him?
melisandre;Season 3;You know what I mean to do with him
stannis;Season 3;Then why bathe him and dress him in fine clothes? If it needs to be done, do it Dont torture the boy
melisandre;Season 3;Have you ever slaughtered a lamb, my king?
stannis;Season 3;No
melisandre;Season 3;If the lamb sees the knife, she panics Her panic seeps into her meat, darkens it, fouls the flavor
stannis;Season 3;Youve slaughtered many lambs?
melisandre;Season 3;And none have seen the blade
davos;Season 3;And tho and thowg V-v-visenya Targaryen rod rode Vhagar Vhag Fuck me Visenya Targaryen rode Vhagar, the smallest of the dragons, though still large enog enough enough to swallow a horse whole
davos;Season 3;Your Grace
stannis;Season 3;They feeding you enough?
davos;Season 3;Two meals a day Cold for breakfast, hot for supper I cannot complain
stannis;Season 3;You dont belong in a place like this
davos;Season 3;Well, its sad to say, but Ive seen worse
stannis;Season 3;Yeah
davos;Season 3;Im sorry about your son Didnt get the chance to tell you before Good lad Loyal lad
stannis;Season 3;Melisandres returned
davos;Season 3;I didnt know shed been gone
stannis;Season 3;Came back with a bastard boy Roberts bastard boy
davos;Season 3;Why?
stannis;Season 3;She says theres power in kings blood
davos;Season 3;Shes going to kill him
stannis;Season 3;Sacrifice him
davos;Season 3;Forgive me, Your Grace, Im not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice? The boy is your nephew
stannis;Season 3;What of it? Were at war Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?
davos;Season 3;Because he has your blood in his veins
stannis;Season 3;So did Renly
davos;Season 3;Renly wronged you Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you He raised an army, stole your bannermen This boy has done you no harm Hes an innocent
stannis;Season 3;How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women?The darkness will devour them all, she says The night that never ends Unless I triumph I never asked for this No more than I asked to be king We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty Whats one bastard boy against a kingdom?
davos;Season 3;Your Grace, why did you come to see me today?
stannis;Season 3;I came to free you If you swear never to raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again
davos;Season 3;I swear it I cant swear never to speak against her
stannis;Season 3;You have little regard for your own life
davos;Season 3;Quite little, Your Grace Verging on none You could have freed me yesterday or tomorrow, but you came to me now before this boy is put to the knife because you knew Id counsel restraint You came to hear me say it because you believe it yourself Youre not a man who slaughters innocents for gain or glory When my son was five he said to me, I dont ever want to die I wanted to say to him, You wont, child You wont ever I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid I think mothers and fathers made up the gods because they wanted their children to sleep through the night
stannis;Season 3;I saw a vision in the flames A great battle in the snow I saw it And you saw whatever she gave birth to I never believed, but when you see the truth, when its right there in front of you as real as these iron bars, how can you deny her god is real?
prendahl;Season 3;Little dragon bitch She talks too much
daario;Season 3;You talk too much
mero;Season 3;She wont talk so much when shes choking on my cock
daario;Season 3;8000 unsullied stand between her and your cock
mero;Season 3;My cock will find a way Tell him Is there any place that my cock cant reach?
daario;Season 3;Shell tell me whatever you pay her to tell me
mero;Season 3;Daario Naharis, the whore who doesnt like whores
daario;Season 3;I like them very much I just refuse to pay them And Im no whore, my friend
mero;Season 3;She sells her sheath and you sell your blade Whats the difference?
daario;Season 3;I fight for beauty
prendahl;Season 3;For beauty?
mero;Season 3;We fight for gold
daario;Season 3;The gods gave men two gifts to entertain ourselves before we die the thrill of fucking a woman who wants to be fucked and the thrill of killing a man who wants to kill you
mero;Season 3;Youll die young
prendahl;Season 3;What do we do about the dragon girl? We cant beat 8,000 Unsullied on the battlefield
mero;Season 3;There wont be a battle And we dont have to deal with her eunuchs We only have to deal with her
prendahl;Season 3;Shes well guarded
mero;Season 3;Tonights a new moon One of us slips into her camp past her Unsullied and her knights
prendahl;Season 3;Which one of us?
mero;Season 3;Close your eyes, love
mero;Season 3;Three coins A coin from Meereen, a coin from Volantis, and a coin from Braavos The Braavosi does the deed One for each of us, darling No peeking
daario;Season 3;Do you hear me? Follow my voice Im right here
daario;Season 3;You have something for me?
daario;Season 3;Valar morghulis
tyrion;Season 3;Lady Sansa
sansa;Season 3;You look very handsome, my lord
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, yes The husband of your dreams But you do look glorious Perhaps we could have a moment alone Do you mind? Podrick, could you escort Lady Starks handmaiden?
tyrion;Season 3;My lady, I want you to know I didnt ask for this
sansa;Season 3;I hope I will not disappoint you, my lord
tyrion;Season 3;No, dont You dont have to speak to me as a prisoner anymore You wont be a prisoner after today Youll be my wife I suppose thats a different kind of prison I just wanted to say Im just trying to say very badly I just just want to say I know how you feel
sansa;Season 3;I doubt that very much, my lord
tyrion;Season 3;Youre right I have no idea how you feel And you have no idea how I feel
tyrion;Season 3;But I promise you one thing, my lady I wont ever hurt you Do you drink wine?
sansa;Season 3;When I have to
tyrion;Season 3;Well, today you have to
margaery;Season 3;You look radiant, Your Grace
cersei;Season 3;Radiant? Why radiant?
margaery;Season 3;Its the word that came to mind
margaery;Season 3;Were going to be sisters soon We should be friends
cersei;Season 3;Youre a musical girl, arent you? I imagine you have a lovely voice
margaery;Season 3;A better dancer than a singer, Im afraid
cersei;Season 3;Ah, but you know the song The Rains of Castamere?
margaery;Season 3;Of course They play it so often here at court
cersei;Season 3;So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?
margaery;Season 3;Not as well as you, Im sure
cersei;Season 3;House Reyne was a powerful family Very wealthy The second wealthiest in Westeros Arent the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now?
cersei;Season 3;Of course, ambitious climbers dont want to stop on the second highest rung If only you could take that final step, youd see further than all the rest Youd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you So Lord Reyne built a castle as grand as Casterly Rock He gave his wife diamonds larger than any my mother ever wore And finally one day, he rebelled against my father Do you know where House Reyne is now?
margaery;Season 3;Gone
cersei;Season 3;Gone A gentle word Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman, and child put to the sword
cersei;Season 3;I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock My father let them rot up there all summer It was a long summer And now the rains weep oer their halls, and not a soul to hear
cersei;Season 3;If you ever call me sister again, Ill have you strangled in your sleep
sansa;Season 3;What are you doing?
joffrey;Season 3;Your fathers gone As the father of the realm, it is my duty to give you away to your husband
high septon;Season 3;You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection
tyrion;Season 3;Could you
tyrion;Season 3;Thank you
high septon;Season 3;Your Grace, Your Grace, my lords, my ladies, we stand here in the sight of gods and men to witness the union of man and wife One flesh, one heart, one soul, now and forever
melisandre;Season 3;Have you ever seen one like it?
gendry;Season 3;Ive never seen anything like any of this Not in my life
melisandre;Season 3;Its shocking, isnt it, the first time you encounter real wealth? When I was your age, I lived on one bowl of stew a day And stew is a kind word for it
gendry;Season 3;In Flea Bottom we called them bowls of brown Wed pretend that the meat in them was chicken We knew it wasnt chicken
melisandre;Season 3;Here, taste this
melisandre;Season 3;You think Im trying to poison you?
gendry;Season 3;Thats good
gendry;Season 3;Thats really good
melisandre;Season 3;Where do you think its from?
gendry;Season 3;I couldnt even guess
melisandre;Season 3;Doesnt matter, does it? Its the real thing or its not You only need a tongue to tell the difference Go on, have some more You still dont trust it You think this is all a mistake and that youll have to pay somehow for every bite you take
gendry;Season 3;That thought had crossed my mind, yeah
melisandre;Season 3;There are no mistakes Not for us
gendry;Season 3;Im a mistake Im only here because my father grabbed my mother instead of the girl next to her in the tavern
melisandre;Season 3;Your father chose your mother because the Lord of Light willed it He willed it so you could be here right now with a power inside you you cant even begin to understand And He brought me here to draw it from you and birth it into the world Were both a part of His plan He wants this for us No, He demands this of us
gendry;Season 3;I dont understand This this doesnt seem very religious
melisandre;Season 3;According to whom? The Silent Sisters? With their stern looks, muzzled mouths, and dried-up cunts? What have their gods done for you? Hmm? When you pray to them, whats their answer? A god is real or hes not You only need eyes to see
melisandre;Season 3;Death is coming for everyone and everything A darkness that will swallow the dawn And we can stop it, you and I
melisandre;Season 3;Let me show you what you have inside you Come fight death with me
gendry;Season 3;What are you doing?
melisandre;Season 3;You have to trust me
gendry;Season 3;What ? Get it away Get it off me
melisandre;Season 3;Dont fight, dont fight They wont take much
gendry;Season 3;Why are you doing this?
melisandre;Season 3;I told you theres power in the blood of kings And you have so much blood
gendry;Season 3;No No, no, no, no! Not there Not there
melisandre;Season 3;You can blame Ser Davos He didnt believe in the power of kings blood He wanted a demonstration
gendry;Season 3;Please Please, Your Grace My lord
stannis;Season 3;The usurper Robb Stark The usurper Balon Greyjoy The usurper Joffrey Baratheon JOFFREY and CERSEI sit amist the festivities drinking wine and chatting TYWIN sits to their left, stoic At the head table, TYRION carefully fills his wine glass right to the brim He smacks his lips and looks over to SANSA, who is disgusted with him The Tyrells sit across the hall from the Lannisters speaks with amusement to LORAS and MARGAERY
olenna;Season 3;So their son will be your nephew After youre wed to Cersei, of course And you will be the kings stepfather and brother-in-law When you marry the king, Joffreys mother will become his sister-in-law and your son will be Loras nephew? Grandson? Im not sure But your brother will become your father-in-law That much is beyond dispute
sansa;Season 3;Will you pardon me, my lord?
tyrion;Season 3;Of course Of course En enjoy
cersei;Season 3;Perhaps you could talk to your bride-to-be instead
joffrey;Season 3;Ive got a lifetime for that
cersei;Season 3;Stay
tywin;Season 3;You seem rather drunk
tyrion;Season 3;Rather less than I plan to be Isnt it a mans duty to be drunk at his own wedding?
tywin;Season 3;This isnt about your wedding Renly Baratheon had a wedding Your wife needs a child, a Lannister child, as soon as possible
tyrion;Season 3;And?
tywin;Season 3;If youre going to give her one, you need to perform
tyrion;Season 3;What did you once call me? A drunken little lust-filled beast
tywin;Season 3;More than once
tyrion;Season 3;There you have it Nothing to worry about Drinking and lust, no man can match me in these things I am the god of tits and wine I shall build a shrine to myself at the next brothel I visit
tywin;Season 3;You can drink, you can joke, you can engage in juvenile attempts to make your father uncomfortable, but you will do your duty
loras;Season 3;Well, my father once told me-
cersei;Season 3;Nobody cares what your father once told you
joffrey;Season 3;Congratulations, my lady
sansa;Season 3;Thank you, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;Well, youve done it Youve married a Lannister Soon youll have a Lannister baby Its a dream come true for you, isnt it? What a glorious day
sansa;Season 3;Yes, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 3;I suppose it doesnt really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you Maybe Ill pay you a visit tonight after my uncle passes out Howd you like that?
joffrey;Season 3;You wouldnt? Thats all right Ser Meryn and Ser Boros will hold you down
joffrey;Season 3;Time for the bedding ceremony
tyrion;Season 3;There will be no bedding ceremony
joffrey;Season 3;Wheres your respect for tradition, Uncle? Come, everyone Pick her up and carry her to her wedding bed Get rid of her gown She wont be needing it any longer Ladies, attend to my uncle Hes not heavy
tyrion;Season 3;There will be no bedding ceremony
joffrey;Season 3;There will be if I command it
tyrion;Season 3;Then youll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock
joffrey;Season 3;What did you say? What did you say?
tywin;Season 3;I believe we can dispense with the bedding, Your Grace Im sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king
tyrion;Season 3;A bad joke, Your Grace Made out of envy of your own royal manhood Mine is so small My poor wife wont even know Im there
tywin;Season 3;Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace
tyrion;Season 3;I am Guilty But but it is my wedding night
tyrion;Season 3;My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do Come, wife
tyrion;Season 3;I vomited on a girl once in the middle of the act Not proud of it But I think honesty is important between a man and wife, dont you agree? Come, Ill tell you all about it Put you in the mood
sansa;Season 3;Is that wise, my lord?
tyrion;Season 3;Tyrion, Sansa My name is Tyrion
sansa;Season 3;Is that wise, Tyrion?
tyrion;Season 3;Nothing was ever wiser
tyrion;Season 3;Astoundingly long
sansa;Season 3;What?
tyrion;Season 3;Neck You have one How old are you exactly?
tyrion;Season 3;Well, talk wont make you any older My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage
tyrion;Season 3;Stop I cant I could, I wont
sansa;Season 3;But your father-
tyrion;Season 3;If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start I wont share your bed Not until you want me to
sansa;Season 3;What if I never want you to?
tyrion;Season 3;And so my watch begins
missandei;Season 3;Yes, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 3;How can anyone speak 19 languages?
missandei;Season 3;It only took Your Grace a year to learn Dothraki reasonably well
daenerys;Season 3;Yes, well, it was either learn Dothraki or grunt at my husband and hope what do you mean reasonably well?
missandei;Season 3;Dothraki is difficult for the mouth to master So guttural and harsh
daenerys;Season 3;Drogo said I spoke Dothroaki like one born to it It gave him great pride
missandei;Season 3;Athjahakar
daenerys;Season 3;Athjahaka
missandei;Season 3;Ath-ja-hakar
daenerys;Season 3;Athjahakar
daenerys;Season 3;Well, I suppose Im a bit out of practice
missandei;Season 3;Your High Valyrian is very good, Your Grace The gods could not devise a more perfect tongue It is the only proper language for poetry
daario;Season 3;No screaming or she dies
daenerys;Season 3;What do you want?
daario;Season 3;You
daenerys;Season 3;Let her go
daario;Season 3;Dont scream, lovely girl
daenerys;Season 3;You were sent here to kill me?
daenerys;Season 3;So why havent you?
daario;Season 3;I dont want to
daenerys;Season 3;What do your captains have to say about that?
daario;Season 3;You should ask them
daenerys;Season 3;Why?
daario;Season 3;We had philosophical differences
daenerys;Season 3;Over what?
daario;Season 3;Your beauty It meant more to me than it did to them
daenerys;Season 3;Youre a strange man
daario;Season 3;Im the simplest man youll ever meet I only do what I want to do
daenerys;Season 3;And this is supposed to impress me?
daario;Season 3;Yes
daenerys;Season 3;Why would I trust a man who murders his comrades?
daario;Season 3;They ordered me to murder you I told them I preferred not to They told me I had no choice I told them I am Daario Naharis I always have a choice They drew their swords and I drew mine
daenerys;Season 3;Will you fight for me?
daenerys;Season 3;Swear to me
daario;Season 3;The Second Sons are yours and so is Daario Naharis My sword is yours, my life is yours, my heart is yours
tyrion;Season 3;You really ought to knock
shae;Season 3;I brought your breakfast
sam;Season 3;Its getting dark We could stay here for the night
sam;Season 3;How hard can it be to build a fire?
gilly;Season 3;It doesnt matter Come under the furs We can keep each other warm
sam;Season 3;He winked at me before
gilly;Season 3;I doubt it
sam;Season 3;I saw him wink at me
gilly;Season 3;He blinked
sam;Season 3;I suppose its a rather philosophical difference between a wink and a blink
gilly;Season 3;A what?
sam;Season 3;Well, I mean, theres no real difference
gilly;Season 3;A wink is on purpose
sam;Season 3;You thought of a name yet? It would be easier to refer to him if he had a name
gilly;Season 3;Sometimes do you talk fancy on purpose to confuse me?
sam;Season 3;What? No This is just the way I talk
gilly;Season 3;Ill build that fire
sam;Season 3;Dont you think he should have a name?
gilly;Season 3;I dont know many boys names
sam;Season 3;Lets see, theres Duncan, Kevan, Jon Guymon, Feldan, Tristifer
gilly;Season 3;Craster
sam;Season 3;Uh, yes Maybe thats not-
gilly;Season 3;Mormont
sam;Season 3;Thats a lovely idea, but Mormonts a last name
gilly;Season 3;Why is it a last name?
sam;Season 3;Well, its a family name For instance, Im Samwell Tarly Samwell is my birth name and Tarly is my family name You see? So my father is also a Tarly
gilly;Season 3;His name is Samwell Tarly, too?
sam;Season 3;No, Randyll Tarly
gilly;Season 3;Randyll is a handsome name
sam;Season 3;Please dont name him Randyll
gilly;Season 3;Is your father cruel like mine?
sam;Season 3;Different manner of cruel
gilly;Season 3;Not Randyll, then
gilly;Season 3;Dont Dont go out there
sam;Season 3;Ill be back I just want to look
sam;Season 3;Go inside Go back inside Ill-
gilly;Season 3;Its come for the baby
sam;Season 3;Stay back
sam;Season 3;You stay back
gilly;Season 3;No, you cant have him! No
gilly;Season 3;No
catelyn;Season 3;Are you sure about this?
robb;Season 3;No
catelyn;Season 3;Its dangerous
robb;Season 3;If we take Tywins castle from him, the lords of Westeros will realize hes not invincible Take his home, take his gold, take his power
catelyn;Season 3;Why are you telling me?
robb;Season 3;You begged me not to send Theon to negotiate with his father and I ignored your advice
robb;Season 3;Now Winterfell is burned to the ground The North is overrun with Ironborn and Bran and Rickon are gone
robb;Season 3;So, Casterly Rock? Im asking your advice
catelyn;Season 3;We have enough men?
catelyn;Season 3;If reinforcements arrive from Kings Landing, before we take the castle, well be caught between Tywins army and the sea
robb;Season 3;Well lose the war and die the way father died Or worse
catelyn;Season 3;Show them how it feels to lose what they love.The next scene shows ROBBS direwolf, Grey Wind, as he leads House Starks army to The Twins castle, the ancestral seat of House Frey
walder;Season 3;My honored guests, be welcome within my walls and at my table I extend to you my hospitality and protection in the light of the Seven
robb;Season 3;We thank you for your hospitality, my lord
robb;Season 3;I have come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness
walder;Season 3;Dont beg my forgiveness, your Grace It wasnt me you spurned, it was my girls
walder;Season 3;One of them was supposed to be queen, now none of them are
walder;Season 3;This is Arwyn, my daughter My daughter Walda, my daughter Derwa, my daughter Waldra
walder;Season 3;My eldest granddaughters Ginia and Neila
walder;Season 3;Serra and Sarra, granddaughters, twins You could have had either Could have had both for all I care
walder;Season 3;My granddaughter Marianne My granddaughter Freya My granddaughter W-W-Wertha? Waldra? Waldina?
merry;Season 3;Im Merry
walder;Season 3;Fine And heres my youngest daughter Shirei, though she hasnt bled yet Clearly you dont have the patience for all that
robb;Season 3;My ladies All men should keep their word, kings most of all I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow The fault is not with you Any man would be lucky to have any one of you I did what I did not to slight you, but because I loved another I know these words cannot set right the wrong I have done to you and your house I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends
walder;Season 3;Very good
walder;Season 3;There she is Come closer, let me have a look at you
walder;Season 3;Still cant see you Old eyes
walder;Season 3;Love Thats what the Starks of Winterfell call it, eh? Heh Very honorable, I call it a pretty face Mmmm, very pretty Prettier than this lot, thats for sure Very shapely as well Oh, you try to hide her under that dress If you wanted to hide her, you shouldnt have brought her here in the first place
walder;Season 3;I can always see whats going on beneath a dress Been at this a long time I bet when you take that dress off, everything stays right where it is Doesnt drop an inch
walder;Season 3;Your king says he betrayed me for love I say he betrayed me for firm tits and a tight fit
walder;Season 3;And I can respect that When I was your age, Id have broken fifty oaths to get into that without a second thought Well, Ive enough room in the hall for you lot Well set up tents outside with food and ale for the rest of your men
robb;Season 3;Thank you, my lord
walder;Season 3;Well, lets get ready The wine will flow red and the music will play loud and well put this mess behind us -
daenerys;Season 3;Where?
daario;Season 3;There
daario;Season 3;There, its a back gate My men use it when they visit Yunkais bed slaves
jorah;Season 3;Your men but not you?
daario;Season 3;I have no interest in slaves A man cannot make love to property
daario;Season 3;This is where we enter the city Very few guards, they know me They let me inside
barristan;Season 3;Were not gonna sneak an army through a back gate
daario;Season 3;I kill the guards I take your two best men and lead them through the back streets, which I know well, and open the front gates
daario;Season 3;Then comes the army Once the walls are breached, the city will fall in hours
jorah;Season 3;Or perhaps youll lead Grey Worm and me to the slaughter, cutting the head off our army The masters of Yunkai will pay you your fee and you wont have to split it three ways cause youve already slaughtered your partners
daario;Season 3;You have a very suspicious mind In my experience, only dishonest people think this way
jorah;Season 3;You command the Unsullied What do you think?
daenerys;Season 3;Lo jention mirre numazme eza, iderenna qopsa verdagon issa
grey worm;Season 3;I trust him
daenerys;Season 3;You leave tonight
jorah;Season 3;Very good Well prepare
barristan;Season 3;Ser Jorah You can use an extra sword
jorah;Season 3;Youre the Queensguard, Ser Barristan Your place is by the Queen If we are truly her loyal servants, well do whatever needs to be done No matter the cost, no matter our pride -
sam;Season 3;Were west of Castle Black, but the Nightforts closest to us It was the first castle on the Wall The Watch abandoned it during the reign of King Jaehaerys I Too big, impossible to maintain Other than Castle Black itself, the Nightforts the perfect castle for us Its got a secret sally port, the Black Gate, as old as the Wall itself No ones used it for centuries, most likely It leads through the Wall right down into the Nightfort, if no one knows how to find it, which, it just so happens I do
gilly;Season 3;How do you know all that?
sam;Season 3;I read about it in a very old book
gilly;Season 3;You know all that from staring at marks on paper?
sam;Season 3;Yes
gilly;Season 3;Youre like a wizard
gilly;Season 3;Our father used to tell us that no wildling ever looked upon the Wall and lived Here we are Alive -
sandor;Season 3;Remember what happens to children who run Im your father and Ill do the talking
pig farmer;Season 3;The roads have gone right to hell, havent they? Cracked three spokes this morning
sandor;Season 3;Need a hand?
pig farmer;Season 3;Need about eight hands
pig farmer;Season 3;Got to get this salt pork to The Twins in time for the wedding
pig farmer;Season 3;Many thanks
arya;Season 3;Dont! Dont kill him
sandor;Season 3;Dead rats dont squeak
arya;Season 3;Youre so dangerous, arent you? Saying scary things to little girls Killing little boys and old people A real hard man you are
sandor;Season 3;More than anyone you know
arya;Season 3;Youre wrong I know a killer A real killer
sandor;Season 3;That so?
arya;Season 3;Youd be like a kitten to him Hed kill you with his little finger
sandor;Season 3;That him?
arya;Season 3;No
sandor;Season 3;Good
arya;Season 3;Dont kill him! Please Please dont
sandor;Season 3;Youre very kind Someday itll get you killed -
osha;Season 3;Where are we?
bran;Season 3;The Gift, I think Brandon The Builder gave all this land south of the Wall to the Night’s Watch for their sustenance and support Maester Luwin taught me that
jojen;Season 3;Doesn’t seem to be supporting anyone at the moment
meera;Season 3;It’s good land and there’s no war up here Why leave?
bran;Season 3;Wildlings
bran;Season 3;Sorry But they come over the Wall and raid, steal, carry off women
rickon;Season 3;Old Nan said they turn your skull into a cup and make you drink your own blood from it
rickon;Season 3;That’s what Old Nan said
jojen;Season 3;There’s a storm coming
bran;Season 3;I don’t see any
meera;Season 3;It’s as good a place to shelter as any
osha;Season 3;We can drink some blood while we wait I don’t need much -
orell;Season 3;Only one old man and eight good horses
tormund;Season 3;What’s one old man doing with eight horses?
jon;Season 3;He breeds them for the Watch
ygritte;Season 3;How’s he keep folks from stealing them?
jon;Season 3;The Watch protects him
orell;Season 3;Not today they don’t He’s selling horses, he’s got some gold in there
tormund;Season 3;And proper steel
orell;Season 3;Let’s carve him up
jon;Season 3;We just take the horses and go The old man’s no threat
orell;Season 3;I keep telling you
ygritte;Season 3;He’s an old man A spear through the heart’s a better way to die than coughing up your last with no one but your horses to hear
jon;Season 3;The Watch might send a few men looking for a horse thief They’ll send a lot more to hunt down murderers
tormund;Season 3;I hope so Killing crows in their castle is tough Killing them out here in the open, that’s what we do
tormund;Season 3;Spread out Surround the hut and move in
jon;Season 3;Ygritte
tormund;Season 3;Clear the barn! -
arya;Season 3;No one’s going to believe you’re a hog farmer if you eat them all
sandor;Season 3;Best part of the animal
sandor;Season 3;Don’t worry, they’re still there
arya;Season 3;I know they’re still there
sandor;Season 3;You check every five minutes like you’re afraid they’re gonna move
arya;Season 3;I’m not afraid
sandor;Season 3;Of course you are You’re almost there and you’re afraid you won’t make it The closer you get, the worse the fear gets No point in trying to hide behind that face I know fear when I see it Seen it a lot
arya;Season 3;I knew fear when I saw it in you You’re afraid of fire
arya;Season 3;When Beric’s sword went up in flames, you looked like a scared little girl
arya;Season 3;And I know why, too I heard what your brother did to you Pressed your face to the fire like you’re a nice juicy mutton chop
sandor;Season 3;That give you some ideas?
arya;Season 3;Might do
sandor;Season 3;Go ahead then You might get away Might even make it there on your own They’re just over the river The closest you’ve been to family since Ilyn Payne snipped your daddy’s neck
arya;Season 3;Someday I’m gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull -
bran;Season 3;How are we going to get past the Wall? My uncle said it’s 700 feet high
bran;Season 3;How did you get past it?
osha;Season 3;Got in a boat and rowed past the Bay of Seals
bran;Season 3;It would take us two months to get to the Bay of Seals
osha;Season 3;Some climb straight up the ice
bran;Season 3;Even Hodor’s not strong enough to climb the Wall with me on his back
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
jojen;Season 3;Nineteen castles guard the Wall Only three are still manned
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
jojen;Season 3;One of those abandoned fortresses will give us a way through
bran;Season 3;My uncle said the gates were sealed with ice and stone when the castles were deserted
meera;Season 3;Well, we’ll have to open them up again
old man;Season 3;Whoa, whoa, whoa
meera;Season 3;There’s a rider out there
jojen;Season 3;Just one?
meera;Season 3;There’s more
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
osha;Season 3;It’s just thunder, sweet giant
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
old man;Season 3;I yield I yield
jojen;Season 3;Wildlings
osha;Season 3;Where’s Shaggydog and Summer?
bran;Season 3;Hunting
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
jojen;Season 3;Shhh, quiet, Hodor
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
jojen;Season 3;Make him shut up If they hear us
bran;Season 3;Hush, Hodor No, no more Hodoring
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
bran;Season 3;Hodor, calm down
osha;Season 3;You need to keep quiet
jojen;Season 3;They’re gonna hear us
bran;Season 3;Hodor, be quiet
bran;Season 3;Hodor, calm down Hodor, be quiet
meera;Season 3;What did you do?
bran;Season 3;Nothing I don’t know
rickon;Season 3;What’s That?
osha;Season 3;That’s a horse dying
wildling;Season 3;Bring them over here
wildling;Season 3;That was the last of them The rest are dead
orell;Season 3;I heard shouting up there
tormund;Season 3;Thunder
orell;Season 3;I know the difference between shouting and thunder
tormund;Season 3;Maybe its ghosts
tormund;Season 3;That won’t help you, grandpa
tormund;Season 3;Where you riding?
old man;Season 3;Doesn’t matter now, does it?
tormund;Season 3;No, it doesn’t matter now
orell;Season 3;Cut his throat or he’ll tell the crows we’re here
tormund;Season 3;You understand
old man;Season 3;Let me stand at least
old man;Season 3;Let me go with a bit of dignity
orell;Season 3;Make the crow kill him You’re one of us now Prove it
jojen;Season 3;The wolves are out there
bran;Season 3;I can’t do it by choice I don’t know how It happens in my dreams
jojen;Season 3;You’re a warg, Bran It’s in your blood
bran;Season 3;I can’t
jojen;Season 3;You just did, with him
jojen;Season 3;A wolf is nothing compared to that
old man;Season 3;She looks sharp
ygritte;Season 3;Do it Do it
orell;Season 3;Told ya He’s still one of them
tormund;Season 3;Go on, boy
tormund;Season 3;Go on
orell;Season 3;He’s a crow He’ll always be a crow And here’s his crow wife guarding him He’ll stab us in the back first chance he gets
tormund;Season 3;Kill him
tormund;Season 3;He’s one of them
ygritte;Season 3;No
tormund;Season 3;Do you hear me?
tormund;Season 3;You’re not gonna die for one of them
jojen;Season 3;Do it They’ll find us if you don’t
jon;Season 3;You were right the whole time -
daario;Season 3;When you hear a songbird’s whistle, you come I’m a great whistler, the greatest in the land
daario;Season 3;Daario Naharis
daario;Season 3;That one was quick
jorah;Season 3;There may be others
daario;Season 3;I doubt it The Yunkish prefer to let their slaves do their fighting for them
jorah;Season 3;That’s what you call a few guards? -
roslin;Season 3;Lord Edmure, I hope I’m not a disappointment to you
edmure;Season 3;You’re a delight to me, my lady
septon;Season 3;You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection
septon;Season 3;In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity Look upon each other and say the words.EDMURE
roslin;Season 3;Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days -
meera;Season 3;Is that safe?
osha;Season 3;They’re long gone
bran;Season 3;You were right I can get inside Summer’s mind whenever I want
jojen;Season 3;Of course you can North of the Wall there are wildlings who can control all sorts of animals But you did a lot more than that You got inside Hodor’s mind
bran;Season 3;They can’t do that north of the Wall?
jojen;Season 3;No one can do that Anywhere
bran;Season 3;When I was looking through Summer’s eyes, I saw Jon
rickon;Season 3;Where?
bran;Season 3;He was with the wildlings They tried to kill him but he got away
osha;Season 3;He’ll be heading back to Castle Black then That’s where we should go
bran;Season 3;For all we know, Castle Black’s already under attack If this many wildlings got through
osha;Season 3;I already told you I’m not going north of the Wall
bran;Season 3;Everything Jojen told me is true You saw what I did to Hodor I have to find the three-eyed raven
osha;Season 3;Listen to me, little lord
bran;Season 3;Don’t worry, I’m not asking you to come with me It won’t be safe for Rickon
rickon;Season 3;Me? I’m coming with you
bran;Season 3;No You and Osha and Shaggydog head for the Last Hearth The Umbers are our bannermen They’ll protect you
rickon;Season 3;I’m coming with you I’m your brother I have to protect you
bran;Season 3;Right now, I have to protect you
bran;Season 3;Robb’s at war and I’m going beyond the Wall If something happens to us, you’re the heir to Winterfell
bran;Season 3;Will you know how to find the last Hearth?
osha;Season 3;You Southerners build your big castles and you never move You’re easy to find
rickon;Season 3;We’re not Southerners
rickon;Season 3;And I don’t want to leave you
osha;Season 3;Shhh Come here, little soldier You and me, we’re gonna have some adventures
bran;Season 3;You don’t have to do any of this
osha;Season 3;Your family took me in and was good to me when they had no cause to be Shhh We’ll be fine, you and me The Umbers are great warriors Even I heard about them growing up They’ll teach you how to swing a sword
rickon;Season 3;I know how to swing a sword
bran;Season 3;You’re leaving now? It’s the middle of the night
osha;Season 3;I learned to walk in darkness
osha;Season 3;Say your good-byes, little man
osha;Season 3;Keep this one safe He means the world to me -
daenerys;Season 3;We’ve been waiting a long time Haven’t we? Well I don’t know, you tell me How long does it take to sack a city?
jorah;Season 3;It was just as you said They did not believe until it was too late Their slave soldiers threw down their spears and surrendered
daenerys;Season 3;And Daario Naharis?
daario;Season 3;The city is yours, my queen -
talisa;Season 3;They’re good, aren’t they?
lothar;Season 3;They ought to be because they cost enough
blackfish;Season 3;Look at the crowd there
catelyn;Season 3;He complained about this marriage the entire ride from Riverrun and now look at him
blackfish;Season 3;The God’s love to reward a fool
catelyn;Season 3;Uncle
blackfish;Season 3;What? He’s my nephew, I love him And he’s a damned fool
catelyn;Season 3;Don’t you drink, Lord Bolton?
roose;Season 3;Never do, my lady Dulls the senses
blackfish;Season 3;That’s the point Didn’t you marry one of these Frey girls?
roose;Season 3;Aye Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters and promised me the girl’s weight in silver as a dowry So I have a fat, young bride
catelyn;Season 3;I hope she makes you very happy
roose;Season 3;Well, she’s made me very rich
blackfish;Season 3;Pardon, my lord, my lady I need to find a tree to piss on
robb;Season 3;My mother’s alone with Roose Bolton I should rescue her
talisa;Season 3;Your mother is less in need of rescue than any woman I’ve ever met
robb;Season 3;Be kind She’s finally starting to like you
talisa;Season 3;And I like her But if she had her way, I would be back in Volantis, playing my harp and you would be sitting over there , eating blackberries out of Roslin Frey’s hand
robb;Season 3;Perhaps I’ve made a terrible mistake
robb;Season 3;Striking your king is an act of treason
talisa;Season 3;No, don’t Don’t insult them
walder;Season 3;Your Grace
walder;Season 3;The Septon has prayed his prayers, some words were said and Lord Edmure has wrapped my daughter in a cloak But they are not yet man and wife A sword needs a sheath And a wedding needs a bedding What does my sire say?
everybody;Season 3;To bed! To bed! To bed
robb;Season 3;If you think the time is right, Lord Walder, by all means, let us bed them
everybody;Season 3;To bed! To bed! To bed
edmure;Season 3;Ho-ho! Careful now, ladies Once you set that monster free, there’s no caging him again
everybody;Season 3;To bed! To bed! To bed
catelyn;Season 3;Poor girl
roose;Season 3;Every bride suffers the same I’m sure you endured yours with grace
catelyn;Season 3;Oh, Ned forbade it He said it wouldn’t be right if he broke a man’s jaw on our wedding night
talisa;Season 3;That is a very strange custom
robb;Season 3;I suppose it does seem strange from a foreigner’s perspective
talisa;Season 3;It seems normal to you?
robb;Season 3;It’s tradition Without the bedding ceremony, there’s no real proof the lord and lady consummated their marriage
talisa;Season 3;No, but there are other ways of providing proof
robb;Season 3;Boy or girl?
talisa;Season 3;I don’t know But if it’s a boy, I know what we should name him
robb;Season 3;Oh, do you? It seems to me the father should have some say in his son’s naming
talisa;Season 3;Eddard Don’t you want to teach little Ned Stark how to ride horses?
robb;Season 3;I do
sandor;Season 3;Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
frey guard;Season 3;Where are you going?
sandor;Season 3;Got salt pork for the feast
frey guard;Season 3;The feast is over
sandor;Season 3;It doesn’t sound like it’s over
frey guard;Season 3;If I tell you it’s over, it’s over Turn this cart around and get the hell out of here
sandor;Season 3;Got pig’s feet, too
frey guard;Season 3;Are you soft in the head? Turn this cart around
walder;Season 3;Your Grace
walder;Season 3;I feel I’ve been remiss in my duties
walder;Season 3;I’ve given you meat and wine and music but I haven’t shown you the hospitality you deserve My king has married and I owe my new queen a wedding gift
catelyn;Season 3;Robb
man;Season 3;You ready to head home to Winterfell, eh?
man;Season 3;Feast over yet, is it?
frey man;Season 3;Aye, it’s over
sandor;Season 3;It’s too late
walder;Season 3;ing in the North arises, heh heh
catelyn;Season 3;Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! Let it end! Please! He is my son! My first son! Let him go and I swear that we will forget this! I swear it by the Old Gods and New! We will take no vengeance
walder;Season 3;You already swore me one oath right here in my castle You swore by all the Gods, your son would marry my daughter
catelyn;Season 3;Take me for a hostage but let Robb go! Robb, get up! Get up and walk out! Please! Please
walder;Season 3;And why I would let him do that?
catelyn;Season 3;On my honor as a Tully, on my honor as a Stark, let him go or I will cut your wife’s throat
walder;Season 3;I’ll find another
robb;Season 3;Mother
man;Season 3;Its too late
man;Season 3;Yah! Yah
man;Season 3;Go, move out
frey men;Season 3;ing in the North! ing in the North! he King in the North! ing in the North
frey men;Season 3;ing in the North! ing in the North
frey man;Season 3;Here comes the King in the North! Here comes the King in the North
frey men;Season 3;ing in the North! ing in the North
frey man;Season 3;Here comes
tyrion;Season 3;Hmm Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall
sansa;Season 3;What are you doing?
tyrion;Season 3;I have a list
sansa;Season 3;A list of people you mean to kill?
tyrion;Season 3;For laughing at me? Do I look like Joffrey to you? No, death seems a bit extreme Fear of death, on the other hand-
sansa;Season 3;You should learn to ignore them
tyrion;Season 3;My lady, people have been laughing at me far longer than theyve been laughing at you Im the Halfman, the Demon Monkey, the Imp
sansa;Season 3;Youre a Lannister I am the disgraced daughter of the traitor Ned Stark
tyrion;Season 3;The disgraced daughter and the Demon Monkey Were perfect for each other
sansa;Season 3;So how should we punish them?
tyrion;Season 3;Who? Whom?
sansa;Season 3;Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall
tyrion;Season 3;Ah I could speak to Lord Varys and learn their perversions Anyone named Desmond Crakehall must be a pervert
sansa;Season 3;I hear that youre a pervert
tyrion;Season 3;I am the Imp I have certain standards to maintain
sansa;Season 3;We could sheep shift Lord Desmonds bed You cut a little hole in his mattress and you stuff sheep dung inside Then you sew up the hole and make his bed again His room will stink, but he wont know where its coming from
tyrion;Season 3;Lady Sansa
sansa;Season 3;My sister used to do that when she was angry with me And she was always angry with me
tyrion;Season 3;Why sheep shift?
sansa;Season 3;Thats the vulgar word for dung
tyrion;Season 3;My lady-
sansa;Season 3;Well, you asked me
girl;Season 3;Oh! Thats him
podrick;Season 3;My lord, my lady Your father has called a meeting of the small council TYWIN, CERSEI, VARYS and PYCELLE are already seated JOFFREY walks behind his grandfather, excited and grinning
tyrion;Season 3;Killed a few puppies today?
joffrey;Season 3;Show him Come on, show him
pycelle;Season 3;Oh, apologies, my lord Old fingers
tyrion;Season 3;Roslin caught a fine fat trout Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding Signed Walder Frey Is that bad poetry or is it supposed to mean something?
joffrey;Season 3;Robb Stark is dead And his bitch mother Write back to Lord Frey Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Starks head Im going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast
varys;Season 3;Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage
cersei;Season 3;A joke Joffrey did not mean it
joffrey;Season 3;Yes, I did Im going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast
tyrion;Season 3;No She is no longer yours to torment
joffrey;Season 3;Everyone is mine to torment Youd do well to remember that, you little monster
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, Im a monster Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies
joffrey;Season 3;I could have your tongue out for saying that
cersei;Season 3;Let him make his threats Hmm? Hes a bitter little man
pycelle;Season 3;Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste
joffrey;Season 3;I am the king! I will punish you
tywin;Season 3;Any man who must say, I am the king is no true king Ill make sure you understand that when Ive won your war for you
joffrey;Season 3;My father won the real war He killed Prince Rhaegar He took the crown while you hid under Casterly Rock
tywin;Season 3;The king is tired See him to his chambers
cersei;Season 3;Come along
joffrey;Season 3;Im not tired
cersei;Season 3;We have so much to celebrate A wedding to plan You must rest
tywin;Season 3;Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep
joffrey;Season 3;Im not tired
cersei;Season 3;Come
tywin;Season 3;Not you
tyrion;Season 3;You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper
tywin;Season 3;Youre a fool if you believe hes the most powerful man in Westeros
tyrion;Season 3;A treasonous statement Joffrey is king
tywin;Season 3;You really think a crown gives you power?
tyrion;Season 3;No I think armies give you power
tywin;Season 3;Mm-hmm
tyrion;Season 3;Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same
tywin;Season 3;Mm-hmm
tyrion;Season 3;Oh, I know Walder Frey gets all the credit Or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No He never would have risked such an action if he didnt have certain assurances
tywin;Season 3;Which he got from me Do you disapprove?
tyrion;Season 3;Im all for cheating This is war
tywin;Season 3;But to slaughter them at a wedding Explain to me why it is more noble to kill 10,000 men in battle than a dozen at dinner
tyrion;Season 3;So thats why you did it? To save lives?
tywin;Season 3;To end the war To protect the family Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead, write one Im in this world a little while longer to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood
tyrion;Season 3;The northerners will never forget
tywin;Season 3;Good Let them remember what happens when they march on the south All the Stark men are dead Winterfell is a ruin Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North until your son by Sansa comes of age
tywin;Season 3;I believe you still have some work to do on that score
tyrion;Season 3;Do you think shell open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?
tywin;Season 3;One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant
tyrion;Season 3;I will not rape her
tywin;Season 3;Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
tyrion;Season 3;Use small words Im not as bright as you
tywin;Season 3;The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its sons and daughters first A good man does everything in his power to better his familys position regardless of his own selfish desires
tywin;Season 3;Does that amuse you?
tyrion;Season 3;No, its a very good lesson Only its easy for you to preach utter devotion to family when youre making all the decisions
tywin;Season 3;Easy for me, is it?
tyrion;Season 3;When have you ever done something that wasnt in your interest but solely for the benefit of the family?
tywin;Season 3;The day that you were born I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away Instead, I let you live And I brought you as my son Because youre a Lannister
tyrion;Season 3;Sansa
meera;Season 3;Its empty
jojen;Season 3;Lets find a place to sleep
hodor;Season 3;Hodor Hodor
bran;Season 3;Dont, Hodor
bran;Season 3;Maybe we shouldnt stay
meera;Season 3;Youd rather be out there?
bran;Season 3;There are a lot of stories about this place Horrible stories
jojen;Season 3;I always quite liked the horrible stories
bran;Season 3;So did I Once
bran;Season 3;You ever heard about the Rat Cook?
meera;Season 3;No Whos he?
bran;Season 3;Just a cook in the Nights Watch He was angry at the king for something, I dont remember When the king was visiting the Nightfort, the cook killed the kings son, cooked him into a big pie with onions, carrots, mushrooms and bacon That night he served the pie to the king He liked the taste of his son so much, he asked for a second slice The gods turned the cook into a giant white rat who could only eat his own young Hes been roaming the Nightfort ever since, devouring his own babies But no matter what he does, hes always hungry
meera;Season 3;If the gods turned every killer into a giant white rat-
bran;Season 3;It wasnt for murder the gods cursed the Rat Cook or for serving the kings son in a pie He killed a guest beneath his roof Thats something the gods cant forgive
walder;Season 3;The late Walder Frey, old Hoster called me because I didnt get my men to the Trident in time for battle He thought he was witty Look at us now, Tully Youre dead, your daughter-Catelyns dead, your grandsons dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and Im Lord of Riverrun
roose bolton;Season 3;The Blackfish escaped
walder;Season 3;An old man on the run with no allies I have Tywin Lannister backing me Who does he have?
roose bolton;Season 3;As you say
walder;Season 3;They all laughed at me, all those high lords They all thought they were better than me Ned Stark, Hoster Tully People snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?
roose bolton;Season 3;Youll be needing a new young girl
walder;Season 3;Yeah Got that to look forward to
walder;Season 3;And you, the Warden of the North No more Starks to bow and scrape to Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country
roose bolton;Season 3;He ignored my advice at every turn If hed been a trifle less arrogant-
walder;Season 3;Calling himself the Young Wolf Hows that for pomposity?
walder;Season 3;Well, heres to the Young Wolf
roose bolton;Season 3;Forever young
walder;Season 3;Will you move to Winterfell now that the wars over?
roose bolton;Season 3;At some point perhaps But Winterfells in ruins
walder;Season 3;Yeah What happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place I heard he killed all the ravens And after that, nothing
roose bolton;Season 3;I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out Robb Stark offered amnesty for the ironborn if they gave us Theon
walder;Season 3;Oh And?
roose bolton;Season 3;Ramsay delivered the terms The ironborn turned on Theon as we knew they would They handed him over trussed and hooded But Ramsay well Ramsay has his own way of doing things
ramsay;Season 3;Well, the girls werent lying You had a good-sized cock
ramsay;Season 3;What? No Pork sausage You think Im some sort of savage?
ramsay;Season 3;People talk about phantom limbs An amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be So Ive always wondered do eunuchs have a phantom cock?
ramsay;Season 3;Next time you think about naked girls, would you feel an itch?
ramsay;Season 3;Sorry I shouldnt make jokes My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples
ramsay;Season 3;But my father taught me to aim for their head
theon;Season 3;Kill me
ramsay;Season 3;Sorry, what?
theon;Season 3;Kill me
ramsay;Season 3;A little louder
theon;Season 3;Kill me
ramsay;Season 3;Youre no good to me dead We need you
ramsay;Season 3;You dont look like a Theon Greyjoy anymore Thats a name for a lord But youre not a lord, are you? Youre just meat
ramsay;Season 3;Stinking meat
ramsay;Season 3;You reek Reek! Thats a good name for you Whats your name?
theon;Season 3;Theon Greyjoy
ramsay;Season 3;Whats your name?
theon;Season 3;Th Theon Greyjoy
theon;Season 3;Please
ramsay;Season 3;What is your name?
theon;Season 3;Reek My name is Reek
bran;Season 3;Hodor
sam;Season 3;Dont kill me
meera;Season 3;Who are you?
gilly;Season 3;Sam! Sam
meera;Season 3;Who are you?
gilly;Season 3;Gilly Dont hurt us
jojen;Season 3;Where are you going?
sam;Season 3;To Castle Black Im a brother of the Nights Watch
bran;Season 3;My brother, hes in the Nights-
jojen;Season 3;Shush
sam;Season 3;Whos your brother?
jojen;Season 3;Doesnt matter
sam;Season 3;Youre Jons brother The one who fell from the window
bran;Season 3;No, Im not
sam;Season 3;Ive been around Ghost enough to know a direwolf when I see one And Ive heard all about Hodor
hodor;Season 3;Hodor
sam;Season 3;Id be dead if it wasnt for Jon If youre his brother, youre my brother, too And anything I can do to help you, I will
bran;Season 3;Take us north of the Wall
sam;Season 3;What? Why in the world would you want to go-
bran;Season 3;I dont want to I have to
jojen;Season 3;How did you get through the Wall?
meera;Season 3;Does the well lead to an underground river? Is that how you came here?
sam;Season 3;Come with us There are steps carved into the south side of the Wall Hodor can carry you to the top Well walk straight to Castle Black
gilly;Season 3;Come with us Theres nothing north but death
sam;Season 3;If Jon is alive, then Castle Blacks where hell be Its the safest place for you
jojen;Season 3;Theres nowhere safe any longer You know that
sam;Season 3;What I know is what I saw And if you saw it, too, youd run the other way
jojen;Season 3;You saw the white walkers and the army of the dead
sam;Season 3;How do you know all that?
jojen;Season 3;The Nights Watch cant stop them The kings of Westeros and all their armies cant stop them
sam;Season 3;But youre going to stop them?
bran;Season 3;Please, Sam I have to go north I have to
balon;Season 3;Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands and invader of the North I give you until the full moon to order all ironborn scum out of the North and back to those shit-stained rocks you call a home
balon;Season 3;On the first night of the full moon, I will hunt down every islander still in our lands and flay them living the way I flayed the 20 ironborn scum I found at Winterfell In the box youll find a special gift Theons favorite toy He cried when I took it away from him
balon;Season 3;Leave the North now or more boxes will follow with more Theon Signed Ramsay Snow, natural-born son of Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort and Warden of the North Get that out of my sight
balon;Season 3;Theon disobeyed my orders
balon;Season 3;The boy is a fool He cannot further the Greyjoy line I will not give up the lands I have seized, the strongholds I have taken Get this away from me
yara;Season 3;Hes your son
balon;Season 3;Son? Hes not a man anymore
yara;Season 3;Hes your son Hes my brother Hes a Greyjoy
balon;Season 3;Watch yourself Ive made my decision
yara;Season 3;And Ive made mine Im going to pick the fastest ship in our fleet
yara;Season 3;Im going to choose the 50 best killers on the Iron Islands
man;Season 3;Get those ropes
yara;Season 3;Im going to sail up the Narrow Sea all the way to the Weeping Water Im going to march on the Dreadfort Im going to find my little brother and Im going to bring him home
bran;Season 3;What is it?
jojen;Season 3;Dragonglass
sam;Season 3;We found them at the Fist Someone buried them a long time ago Someone wanted us to find them
bran;Season 3;Why? What are they for?
sam;Season 3;Killing white walkers
meera;Season 3;How do you know that?
gilly;Season 3;The walker came for my Baby And Sam-
meera;Season 3;But no ones killed a white walker in thousands of years
sam;Season 3;Well, I suppose someone had to be the first
bran;Season 3;Take it, Hodor
sam;Season 3;And the archer I got lucky with one of them There are more Many more And for every one of them, the dead men, more than you could count I wish youd come with us
bran;Season 3;I wish I could I really do
davos;Season 3;How are you keeping?
gendry;Season 3;Great Never better
davos;Season 3;It was just a bit of blood
gendry;Season 3;I should have known Every time a highborn asks my name, its trouble Were not really people to you, are we? Just a million different ways to get what you want
davos;Season 3;Im not a highborn
gendry;Season 3;She called you Ser I heard it
davos;Season 3;A recent state of affairs I was born in Flea Bottom just like you
gendry;Season 3;Sure, you were Youre my friend Youre here to help
davos;Season 3;I lived below the Street of Flour
gendry;Season 3;How far below? How close to the Red Keep were you?
davos;Season 3;The shit that poured from their privy pipes flowed down the side of Aegons Hill along Tanners Row and right in front of my front door on Gin Alley
gendry;Season 3;Gin Alley
davos;Season 3;The Street of Steel, with your armor and your knights? Pfft You lived in the fancy part of town And here we are now Two boys from Flea Bottom in the castle of a king
gendry;Season 3;Yeah, weve come a long way Were all the same, really She went to great pains to point that out to me
davos;Season 3;If you mistrust fancy people so much, why were you in such a hurry to trust her?
gendry;Season 3;Youre me Never been with a woman Never talked to a woman, really And then she comes at you big words, no clothes What would you have done?
davos;Season 3;She does know her way around a mans head, Ill give her that
gendry;Season 3;So howd you become a lord?
davos;Season 3;Oh, thats a long story
gendry;Season 3;Better not, then Im a bit busy
davos;Season 3;Many years ago I helped King Stannis out of a difficult situation He rewarded me with a lordship And this
gendry;Season 3;You see? Highborns
davos;Season 3;I didnt want to be a lord I nearly didnt accept
gendry;Season 3;Why did you?
davos;Season 3;I did it for my son I didnt want him to step over a river of shit every time he stepped through his front door I wanted him to have a better life
gendry;Season 3;Does he?
davos;Season 3;Hes dead
gendry;Season 3;Howd he die?
davos;Season 3;Following me
varys;Season 3;When did you come to this strange country?
shae;Season 3;When I was 13
varys;Season 3;You were only a child
shae;Season 3;I stopped being a child when I was nine My mother made sure of that
varys;Season 3;Youve been a good influence on our mutual friend, you know He used to drink from sundown to sunup, visit three brothels a night, gamble away his fathers money Now its just the drinking
shae;Season 3;And now Im his wifes servant I brush her hair and clip her nails and empty her chamber pot
varys;Season 3;She is a sweet young thing None of this is her fault
shae;Season 3;I love that girl I would kill for her Do you think that makes it easier for me?
varys;Season 3;No, I expect not
shae;Season 3;Shes young and shes beautiful and highborn
varys;Season 3;We break bread with them, but that doesnt make us family Weve learned their language, but well never be their countrymen If you let yourself believe that a foreign girl with no name could spend her life with the son of Tywin Lannister-
shae;Season 3;I have a name
varys;Season 3;You have one name As do I Here only the family name matters
shae;Season 3;What do you want from me, Lord Varys?
varys;Season 3;Diamonds Id tell you to beware carrying so much wealth, but you know how to protect yourself Get on one of those ships Sail to Pentos or Lys or Myr You can buy a house with these diamonds, a very large house Hire servants Start a new life, a good life, far from here The mysterious foreign beauty Youll have suitors lining up
shae;Season 3;Why do you want me to leave?
varys;Season 3;Tyrion Lannister is one of the few people alive who could make this country a better place He has the mind for it, he has the will, he has the right last name And you you are a complication I know you love him And I know its true love not bought by gold and silver Im not asking you to leave him for money Im asking you to leave because your presence in the capital endangers him This will never be your home, my lady Find a true home somewhere far from here while theres still time
shae;Season 3;Lord Varys
shae;Season 3;If he wants me to leave, he can tell me himself
tyrion;Season 3;Keep up
podrick;Season 3;I dont think I can, my lord
tyrion;Season 3;Its not easy being drunk all the time Everyone would do it if it were easy
cersei;Season 3;Leave
cersei;Season 3;So, enjoying married life? An unhappy wife is a wine merchants best friend
tyrion;Season 3;She doesnt deserve this
cersei;Season 3;Deserve? Be careful with that Start trying to work out who deserves what and before long youll spend the rest of your days weeping for each and every person in the world
tyrion;Season 3;Theres nothing worse than a late-blooming philosopher
tyrion;Season 3;Will you be facing your marriage to Ser Loras with the same philosophical spirit?
cersei;Season 3;I wont be marrying Ser Loras
tyrion;Season 3;I seem to remember saying something similar about my own marriage
cersei;Season 3;Youre not me You want to make things better for Sansa? Give her a child
tyrion;Season 3;So you can tell Father it was you who finally talked me into it?
cersei;Season 3;So she can have some happiness in her life
tyrion;Season 3;You have children How happy would you say you are?
cersei;Season 3;Not very But if it werent for my children, Id have thrown myself from the highest window in the Red Keep Theyre the reason Im alive
tyrion;Season 3;Even Joffrey?
cersei;Season 3;Even Joffrey He was all I had once Before Myrcella was born I used to spend hours looking at him His wisps of hair His tiny little hands and feet He was such a jolly little fellow You always hear the terrible ones were terrible babies We should have known Even then we should have known Its nonsense Whenever he was with me, he was happy And no one can take that away from me, not even Joffrey how it feels to have someone Someone of your own
tyrion;Season 3;How long does it go on?
cersei;Season 3;Until weve dealt with all our enemies
tyrion;Season 3;Every time we deal with an enemy, we create two more
cersei;Season 3;Then I suppose it will go on for quite a long time
frey soldier;Season 3;Im telling you, thats what she did Sounded like a cow in heat
frey soldier;Season 3;Aye, not for long
frey soldier;Season 3;Thats right Black Walder shut her up right quick None of the Starks had much to say about the end of that meal
frey soldier;Season 3;Ill tell you what, though The hardest thing was getting that wolfs head to stay on the body
frey soldier;Season 3;You sewed it on?
frey soldier;Season 3;I did
frey soldier;Season 3;I bet there were 1,000 men claiming they were the one
frey soldier;Season 3;It was me And Malcolm and Talbott Well, the thing was so heavy, it fell off the first time Took the skin right with it What we ended up having to do was hook the needle right under the collarbone Give it a nice firm mooring and-
frey soldier;Season 3;What do you want?
arya;Season 3;Mind if I keep warm?
frey soldier;Season 3;Fuck off
arya;Season 3;But Im hungry
frey soldier;Season 3;Does fuck off mean something different where youre from?
arya;Season 3;Ive got money
frey soldier;Season 3;What kind of coin is that?
arya;Season 3;Its worth a lot
arya;Season 3;Sorry
frey soldier;Season 3;Little shit
frey soldier;Season 3;Fool
sandor;Season 3;Where did you get the knife?
arya;Season 3;From you
sandor;Season 3;Is that the first man youve killed?
arya;Season 3;The first man
sandor;Season 3;Next time youre going to do something like that, tell me first
arya;Season 3;Valar morghulis
jon;Season 3;Ygritte, you know I didnt have a choice You always knew who I was, what I am
jon;Season 3;I have to go home now I know you wont hurt me
ygritte;Season 3;You know nothing, Jon Snow
jon;Season 3;I do know some things I know I love you
jon;Season 3;I know you love me But I have to go home now and spurs his horse YGRITTE has found her resolve She notches another arrow She tracks him and shoots him a third time as he gallops away She begins to weep
sam;Season 3;I know how this must look What I meant was-
gilly;Season 3;I swear to you, my lord-
maester aemon;Season 3;Im not a lord, my dear Not for many, many years Every man who joins the Nights Watch renounces all former titles Among other things What is your name?
gilly;Season 3;Gilly
maester aemon;Season 3;Ah, for the gillyflower Lovely
gilly;Season 3;Yes, my-
sam;Season 3;Maester
gilly;Season 3;Master
sam;Season 3;Maester
maester aemon;Season 3;And the child?
sam;Season 3;She hasnt chosen a name yet
gilly;Season 3;His name is Sam
maester aemon;Season 3;Tarly do you remember the oath you swore when you joined this order?
sam;Season 3;Hes not my child, Maester Aemon Shes one of Crasters wives I remember every word of the oath Night gathers and my watch begins I am the shield that guards the realms of men The realms of men That means her as well as us We didnt build 500 miles of ice walls 700 feet high to keep men out The night is gathering, Maester Aemon Ive seen it Its coming for all of us
maester aemon;Season 3;Gilly, you and your son will be our guests for the time being We certainly cannot send you back beyond the Wall
gilly;Season 3;Thank you Maester I can cook and clean and I can-
maester aemon;Season 3;Good Samwell, fetch a quill and inkwell I hope your penmanship is better than your swordplay
sam;Season 3;Miles better
maester aemon;Season 3;We had 44 ravens at last count Make sure theyre all fed Every one of them flies tonight
davos;Season 3;To His Grace King Stannis Baratheon Invaded inv invit invited to the name day celebration for Rylene Florent on the first nigit-
night davos;Season 3;First night of the full moon Why is there a G in night?
shireen;Season 3;I dont know There just is
davos;Season 3;Well, your fathers not going to go to that
shireen;Season 3;My books are better than these boring scrolls You could read about Balerion the Dread They say you can still see his skull in the dungeons beneath the Red Keep Id like to see that someday
davos;Season 3;Ive been trying to stay out of those dungeons my whole life
shireen;Season 3;His fangs were as long as bastard swords
davos;Season 3;Aye, old Balerions definitely better than anything your cousin Rylenes got on offer But now that Im your fathers Hand again, I have to keep him informed The king does not have time for this drudgery To all the lords and knobble men of Westeros
shireen;Season 3;Noblemen
davos;Season 3;Noblemen of Westeros, the Nig the Nights Watch implores
shireen;Season 3;What is it?
shireen;Season 3;Why are they ringing the bells? Are we being attacked?
davos;Season 3;Stay here Bar the door
stannis;Season 3;The usurper Robb Stark is dead Betrayed by his bannerman
davos;Season 3;And you take credit because you dropped a leech into the fire?
melisandre;Season 3;I take no credit I have faith and my faith has been rewarded
davos;Season 3;Your Grace, the world has got so far bent Ive seen things crawl out of nightmares, but my eyes were open I dont know if Robb Stark died because of the Red Womans sorcery or because at war men die all the time, but I do know that uniting the Seven Kingdoms with blood magic is wrong It is evil And you are not an evil man
stannis;Season 3;Do you know who had this table carved and painted, Ser Davos?
davos;Season 3;Aegon Targaryen
stannis;Season 3;And do you know how Aegon Targaryen conquered Westeros?
davos;Season 3;On the back of his dragon Balerion the Dread
stannis;Season 3;He had a smaller fleet than the kings he faced and a smaller army, but he had three dragons Dragons are magic, Ser Davos My enemies have made my kingdom bleed I will not forget that I will not forgive that I will punish them with any arms at my disposal
davos;Season 3;You do not need to burn the boy If what you say is true, a drop of his blood killed Robb Stark-
melisandre;Season 3;And our king is still no closer to the Iron Throne A great gift requires a great sacrifice
davos;Season 3;His name is Gendry Hes a good lad A poor lad from Flea Bottom who happens to be your nephew
stannis;Season 3;What is the life of one bastard boy against a kingdom?
davos;Season 3;Everything
stannis;Season 3;The boy must die
gendry;Season 3;What are you doing?
davos;Season 3;Youre leaving
gendry;Season 3;Is this some kind of trick?
davos;Season 3;Yes, but not on you
davos;Season 3;Aim for that star Dont stop Theres bread and water Go slow with it If you finish it off, no matter how thirsty you get, dont drink seawater
gendry;Season 3;I know not to drink seawater
davos;Season 3;Row for a full day and night and youll reach Rooks Rest Youll want to stop there Dont Shell find you
gendry;Season 3;Where should I go?
davos;Season 3;You must keep the coast on your left side until you reach Kings Landing
gendry;Season 3;The gold cloaks are looking for me
davos;Season 3;They were looking for me for 20 years Do they know your face?
gendry;Season 3;No
davos;Season 3;Id worry more about the Red Woman
davos;Season 3;The other way
davos;Season 3;You ever been in a boat before?
gendry;Season 3;No
gendry;Season 3;You know how to swim?
gendry;Season 3;No
davos;Season 3;Dont fall out Go on
gendry;Season 3;Why are you doing this?
davos;Season 3;Because its right And because Im a slow learner
davos;Season 3;When you get to Flea Bottom, have a bowl of brown for me
guard;Season 3;Horse approaching! Halt! Halt
sam;Season 3;Jon! Jon! Jon, its us
pyp;Season 3;I dont think he can see us
jon;Season 3;Pyp? Sam?
sam;Season 3;Hush, now Youre home Carry him inside Gently
man;Season 3;Out of the way Step aside, country boy People working here
jaime;Season 3;Cersei
stannis;Season 3;You dont deny it?
davos;Season 3;No I let him go
melisandre;Season 3;Your mercy saved the boys life You feel good about that?
davos;Season 3;Aye, I do
melisandre;Season 3;You saved one innocent How many tens of thousands have you doomed?
davos;Season 3;There has got to be another way
stannis;Season 3;What other way?! Tell us about this other way
davos;Season 3;I dont know, Your Grace I cant see the future in the fire
stannis;Season 3;Very well, Ser Davos Seaworth I, Stannis of the House Baratheon, First of My Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, sentence you to die
davos;Season 3;I understand But since you havent yet unnamed me Hand of the King, it is my duty to advise you against it Youre gonna need me
melisandre;Season 3;Take him away
stannis;Season 3;Why am I gonna need you?
melisandre;Season 3;My king
davos;Season 3;Its from Maester Aemon of the Nights Watch Their Lord Commander is dead Took a ranging party north and never made it back One lad did, though What he saw beyond the Wall its coming for all of us
stannis;Season 3;When did you learn to read?
davos;Season 3;Matthos taught me before he died so I could be of better service to you
melisandre;Season 3;This War of Five Kings means nothing The true war lies to the north, my king Death marches on the Wall Only you can stop him
davos;Season 3;You cant stop him alone You need someone to rebuild your army for you, someone to convince this lord and that lord to fight for you, to bring sellswords and pirates to your side
stannis;Season 3;Ive made my decision
melisandre;Season 3;Hes right You need him He has a part to play in the war to come
stannis;Season 3;You see, Ser Davos? Youve been saved by that fire god you like to mock Youre in his army now
barristan;Season 3;They will come, Your Grace When theyre ready
daenerys;Season 3;Perhaps they didnt want to be conquered
jorah;Season 3;You didnt conquer them You liberated them
daenerys;Season 3;People learn to love their chains
missandei;Season 3;This is Daenerys Targaryen, the Stormborn, the Unburnt, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, Mother of Dragons It is to her you owe your freedom
daenerys;Season 3;No
daenerys;Season 3;You do not owe me your freedom I cannot give it to you Your freedom is not mine to give It belongs to you and you alone If you want it back, you must take it for yourselves Each and every one of you
man;Season 3;Mhysa
daughter;Season 3;Mhysa
crowd;Season 3;Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa
daenerys;Season 3;What does it mean?
missandei;Season 3;It is old Ghiscari, khaleesi It means mother
crowd;Season 3;Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa
daenerys;Season 3;Its all right These people wont hurt me
daenerys;Season 3;Fly
crowd;Season 3;Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa
daenerys;Season 3;Let me pass
crowd;Season 3;Mhysa Mhysa Mhysa Mhysa
jaime;Season 4;Magnificent
tywin;Season 4;Mm-hmm
jaime;Season 4;Looks fresh-forged
tywin;Season 4;It is
jaime;Season 4;No ones made a Valyrian steel sword since the Doom of Valyria
tywin;Season 4;There are three living smiths who know how to rework Valyrian steel The finest of them was in Volantis Came here to Kings Landing at my invitation
jaime;Season 4;Where did you get this much Valyrian steel?
tywin;Season 4;From someone who no longer had need of it
jaime;Season 4;Youve wanted one of these in the family for a long time
tywin;Season 4;And now we have two
jaime;Season 4;Two?
tywin;Season 4;The original weapon was absurdly large Plenty of steel for two swords
jaime;Season 4;Well, thank you Its glorious
tywin;Season 4;Youll have to train your left hand
jaime;Season 4;Any decent swordsman knows how to use both hands
tywin;Season 4;Youll never be as good
jaime;Season 4;No But as long as Im better than everyone else, I suppose it doesnt matter
tywin;Season 4;You cant serve in the Kingsguard with one hand
jaime;Season 4;Wheres that written? I can and I will ingsguard oath is for life
tywin;Season 4;The war is over The king is safe The king is never safe
jaime;Season 4;How many people in this city alone would love to see his head on a pike?
tywin;Season 4;Other knights protected the king while you were a prisoner They will continue to do so when you go home
jaime;Season 4;Home?
tywin;Season 4;Youll return to Casterly Rock and rule in my stead
jaime;Season 4;You are the Lord of Casterly Rock
tywin;Season 4;I am the Kings Hand My place is here I dont expect to see the Rock again before I die
jaime;Season 4;You know what they call me? Kingslayer Oathbreaker Man without honor Now you want me to break another sacred vow
tywin;Season 4;You wont be breaking anything There is a precedent to relieve a Kingsguard of his duties The king will exercise that prerogative
jaime;Season 4;No
tywin;Season 4;No?
jaime;Season 4;No
tywin;Season 4;I dont believe I asked you a question
jaime;Season 4;Theres my answer
tywin;Season 4;If you think your bloody honor comes before.
jaime;Season 4;My bloody honor is beyond repair, but my answer is still no I dont want Casterly Rock I dont want a wife I dont want children
tywin;Season 4;What do you want?
jaime;Season 4;Supper would be nice
tywin;Season 4;For 40 years Ive tried to teach you If you havent learned by now, you never will Go If serving as a glorified bodyguard is the sum of your ambition, go serve
jaime;Season 4;I suppose you want the sword back
tywin;Season 4;Keep it
tywin;Season 4;A one-handed man with no family needs all the help he can get
bronn;Season 4;How many Dornishmen does it take to fuck a goat?
tyrion;Season 4;Please dont
bronn;Season 4;Seems to me the smart place to meet travelers is in a tavern That way, one party is late, the other party can drink some ale inside
tyrion;Season 4;This is the Prince of Dorne were waiting for, not one of your sellsword friends
bronn;Season 4;If hes so damned important, how come they sent you to meet him?
tyrion;Season 4;Theres bad blood between the Martells of Dorne and the Lannisters of Casterly Rock Has been for years
bronn;Season 4;And just in case the Martells of Dorne are looking to spill some Lannister blood, it may as well be yours, eh?
tyrion;Season 4;No need for cynicism I happen to be an accomplished diplomat
bronn;Season 4;Oh
tyrion;Season 4;Ah, here we are
tyrion;Season 4;Can you read the sigils?
bronn;Season 4;Yellow balls?
podrick;Season 4;Wild lemons on a purple field, House Dalt of Lemonwood A vulture grasping a baby in its talons, House Blackmont A crowned skull, the Manwoodys of Kingsgrave
tyrion;Season 4;Boy knows his Dornish Houses
bronn;Season 4;I need a sigil
tyrion;Season 4;And House Martell, a red sun pierced by a spear?
podrick;Season 4;I dont see it, my lord
tyrion;Season 4;Well met, my lords His Grace King Joffrey welcomes you in his name My lord father, the Kings Hand, sends his greetings as well I am Tyrion Lannister of Casterly Rock, Master of Coin Forgive me I dont see Prince Doran in your company
dornish lord;Season 4;The princes health forces him to remain at Sunspear He sends his brother Prince Oberyn to attend the royal wedding in his stead
tyrion;Season 4;Yes, the king will be delighted to enjoy the company of a warrior as renowned as Prince Oberyn at his wedding feast
dornish lord;Season 4;Will he?
tyrion;Season 4;And where is Prince Oberyn?
dornish lord;Season 4;Arrived before dawn Not a man for welcome parties, our prince
tyrion;Season 4;Very well My lords, these fine men from the City Watch will escort you to your quarters in the Red Keep
tyrion;Season 4;You must be weary after such a long journey
bronn;Season 4;Some accomplished diplomacy that was Now where?
tyrion;Season 4;We must find Prince Oberyn before he kills somebody or several somebodies
bronn;Season 4;How do you plan on finding a single Dornishman in a city this big?
tyrion;Season 4;Youre famous for fucking half of Westeros You just arrived at the capital after two weeks of bad roads, where would you go?
bronn;Season 4;Id probably go to sleep, but Im getting old
oberyn;Season 4;Look at this one How lovely is she?
ellaria;Season 4;Beautiful But pale
oberyn;Season 4;They like them pale in the capital Shows they dont work the fields Do I frighten you?
oberyn;Season 4;You like?
ellaria;Season 4;Timid Timid bores me
oberyn;Season 4;Youre a bit of mischief, arent you?
oberyn;Season 4;I think she likes you ELLARIA She has good taste
oberyn;Season 4;Youre not timid, are you?
ellaria;Season 4;Not timid
oberyn;Season 4;Do you like women?
whore;Season 4;When they look like her, my lord
ellaria;Season 4;This one will do nicely
olyvar;Season 4;Very good, my lady
ellaria;Season 4;Oh, Im not a lady
olyvar;Season 4;A term of courtesy in this establishment
ellaria;Season 4;A lie anywhere Why not use the right words? Im a bastard She is a whore And youre what? A procurer
olyvar;Season 4;Any of the others?
oberyn;Season 4;The two girls can leave
oberyn;Season 4;You stay
olyvar;Season 4;Im afraid Im not an offer, my lord
oberyn;Season 4;Everyone who works for Littlefinger is an offer Take off your clothes Well be here a while
olyvar;Season 4;My lord
oberyn;Season 4;I am a prince, boy Have you ever been with a prince?
olyvar;Season 4;Cant say I have Im wildly expensive
oberyn;Season 4;Take off your clothes
olyvar;Season 4;Which way do you like it?
oberyn;Season 4;My way
morgan;Season 4;And so he spoke and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere And now the rains
ellaria;Season 4;Oberyn
morgan;Season 4;Weep oer his hall.
ellaria;Season 4;Oberyn, dont
morgan;Season 4;With no one there to hear Yes, not the rains weep oer his hall And not a soul to hear
morgans friend;Season 4;You lost, friend?
oberyn;Season 4;Forgive me for staring I dont see many Lannisters where Im from
morgans friend;Season 4;I dont see many Dornishmen in the capital
oberyn;Season 4;We dont like the smell
ellaria;Season 4;Come with me, lover
morgan;Season 4;Gods, look at this one
olyvar;Season 4;Sirs, if you follow me, Ill arrange for a private room
morgan;Season 4;Why are you wasting a woman like this on a Dornishman? Bring him a shaved goat and a bottle of olive oil
oberyn;Season 4;Do you know why all the world hates a Lannister?
oberyn;Season 4;You think your gold and your lions and your gold lions make you better than everyone May I tell you a secret? Youre not a golden lion Youre just a pink little man who is far too slow on the draw
oberyn;Season 4;Longsword is a bad option in close quarters When I pull my blade, your friend starts bleeding Quite a lot, Im afraid So many veins in the wrist
oberyn;Season 4;Hell live if you get him help straightaway So, decisions
tyrion;Season 4;Prince Oberyn, forgive the intrusion We heard there might be.
tyrion;Season 4;trouble
oberyn;Season 4;Apologies, my love
tyrion;Season 4;Im here to welcome you to the capital
oberyn;Season 4;Ellaria Sand, my paramour The kings own Uncle Imp Tyrion, son of Tywin Lannister
tyrion;Season 4;If theres anything I can do to make your stay.
oberyn;Season 4;What are you? His hired killer?
bronn;Season 4;It started that way, aye Now Im a knight
oberyn;Season 4;How did that come to pass?
bronn;Season 4;Killed the right people, I suppose
oberyn;Season 4;Well need a few more girls Girls, yes? OBERYN You dont partake?
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, I partook Now Im married
tyrion;Season 4;Prince Oberyn, if I may, a word in private?
oberyn;Season 4;Seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, they take all kinds
oberyn;Season 4;Even Dornishmen
tyrion;Season 4;The king is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding
oberyn;Season 4;Let us speak truth here Joffrey is insulted I am only the second son after all
tyrion;Season 4;Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult
tyrion;Season 4;Why did you come to Kings Landing, Prince Oberyn?
oberyn;Season 4;I was invited to the royal wedding
tyrion;Season 4;I thought we were speaking truth
oberyn;Season 4;The last time I was in the capital was many years ago Another wedding My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the Last Dragon My sister loved him She bore his children Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast Elia wouldnt let the wet nurse touch them And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen left her for another woman That started a war and the war ended right here when your fathers army took the city.
tyrion;Season 4;I wasnt actually present
oberyn;Season 4;And butchered those children My nephew and niece Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks And my sister, you know what they did to her?
oberyn;Season 4;Im asking you a question
tyrion;Season 4;Ive heard rumors
oberyn;Season 4;So have I The one I keep hearing is that Gregor Clegane the Mountain raped Elia and split her in half with his great sword
tyrion;Season 4;I wasnt there I dont know what happened
oberyn;Season 4;If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order Tell your father Im here And tell him the Lannisters arent the only ones who pay their debts
jorah;Season 4;Theyre dragons, Khaleesi They can never be tamed Not even by their mother
daenerys;Season 4;Ser Barristan
barristan;Season 4;Your Grace
daenerys;Season 4;Wheres Daario Naharis? Wheres Grey Worm?
barristan;Season 4;Gambling, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 4;Gambling?
crowd;Season 4;Mhysa Mhysa Mhysa.
daenerys;Season 4;How long have they been at it?
missandei;Season 4;Since midnight, Your Grace
daario;Season 4;Ser Worm is stronger than he looks But I can see his arms beginning to shake
daenerys;Season 4;Whats the prize to winning this stupid contest?
daario;Season 4;The honor of riding by your side on the road to Meereen
daenerys;Season 4;That honor goes to Ser Jorah and Ser Barristan as neither of them kept me waiting this morning You two will ride in the rear guard and protect the livestock
daenerys;Season 4;The last man holding his sword can find a new queen to fight for
daario;Season 4;You like this girl? Must be frustrating
grey worm;Season 4;You are not a smart man, Daario Naharis
daario;Season 4;Id rather have no brains and two balls
shae;Season 4;You need to eat something
shae;Season 4;Pigeon pie
sansa;Season 4;No, thank you
shae;Season 4;Lemon cakes?
sansa;Season 4;No, thank you
shae;Season 4;You love lemon cakes
shae;Season 4;Tell her she needs to eat
tyrion;Season 4;My lady, you do need to eat
sansa;Season 4;I dont need to eat
tyrion;Season 4;If I could have a moment alone with my wife
shae;Season 4;She needs to eat
tyrion;Season 4;I cant let you starve
tyrion;Season 4;I swore to protect you
tyrion;Season 4;My lady, I am your husband Let me help you
sansa;Season 4;How can you help me?
tyrion;Season 4;I dont know, but I can try
sansa;Season 4;I lie awake all night staring at the canopy thinking about how they died
tyrion;Season 4;I could get you essence of nightshade to help you sleep
sansa;Season 4;Do you know what they did to my brother? How they sewed his direwolfs head onto his body? And my mother They say they cut her throat to the bone and threw her body in the river
tyrion;Season 4;What happened to your family was a terrible crime I didnt know your brother He seemed like a good man, but I didnt know him Your mother, on the other hand, I admired her She wanted to have me executed, but I admired her She was a strong woman And she was fierce when it came to protecting her children Sansa Your mother would want you to carry on You know its true
sansa;Season 4;Will you pardon me, my lord? Id like to visit the godswood
tyrion;Season 4;Of course Of course Prayer can be helpful, I hear
sansa;Season 4;I dont pray anymore Its the only place I can go where people dont talk to me
shae;Season 4;My lion
tyrion;Season 4;What are you doing?
shae;Season 4;What does it look like Im doing? Come here
tyrion;Season 4;How many times have I told you? You cant visit me here
shae;Season 4;I know I know We have come to a dangerous place Have you forgotten me? Do you know how long its been?
tyrion;Season 4;Of course I havent forgotten
shae;Season 4;I want you Dont you want me?
tyrion;Season 4;Things are a bit tense right now
shae;Season 4;What things?
tyrion;Season 4;My nephew the king wants to murder me My wife hates me because my father murdered her family Oberyn Martell wants to murder everyone whose last name is Lannister
shae;Season 4;You need to relax
shae;Season 4;Dont you want to relax?
shae;Season 4;Whats wrong?
tyrion;Season 4;I told you Its not a good time
shae;Season 4;Its never a good time You have your child bride now
tyrion;Season 4;Shae
shae;Season 4;Do you love her?
tyrion;Season 4;Love her? I barely know her Shes a child She despises me
shae;Season 4;Thats not an answer
tyrion;Season 4;Of course I dont love her
shae;Season 4;You tried to ship me away
tyrion;Season 4;Ship you away?
shae;Season 4;Give me diamonds and make me disappear
tyrion;Season 4;What in the world are you talking about?
shae;Season 4;If you want me to leave, just say it Say it
tyrion;Season 4;Shh I dont know what youre talking about
shae;Season 4;You want me to stay?
qyburn;Season 4;A work of art, really The craftsmanship is excellent
jaime;Season 4;You like it so much, youre welcome to chop off your own hand and take it
cersei;Season 4;Such an ingrate I spent days with the goldsmith getting the details just right
jaime;Season 4;Days?
cersei;Season 4;Better part of an afternoon There, how does that feel?
jaime;Season 4;Uh a hook would be more practical
cersei;Season 4;Elegant, I think
cersie;Season 4;Thank you for your help with the other matter
qyburn;Season 4;The symptoms have abated?
cersei;Season 4;Gone completely I am in your debt, Maester Qyburn
qyburn;Season 4;Not a maester, Your Grace, but happy to help whenever I can
jaime;Season 4;Odd little man
cersei;Season 4;Ive grown rather fond of him Hes quite talented, you know?
jaime;Season 4;What symptoms?
cersei;Season 4;Symptoms that are not your concern
jaime;Season 4;You let him touch you?
cersei;Season 4;You jealous?
jaime;Season 4;Im surprised You never let Pycelle near you
cersei;Season 4;You think Id let that old lecher put his hands on me? He smells like a dead cat
jaime;Season 4;Im not sure Ive ever smelled a dead cat
cersei;Season 4;Well, they smell like Pycelle
jaime;Season 4;You drink more than you used to
cersei;Season 4;Yes
jaime;Season 4;Why?
cersei;Season 4;Lets see, you started a brawl in the streets with Ned Stark and disappeared from the capital My husband died in a tragic hunting accident
jaime;Season 4;It must have been traumatic for you
cersei;Season 4;My only daughter was shipped off to Dorne We suffered through a siege
jaime;Season 4;A rather short siege
cersei;Season 4;A rather short siege that I didnt expect to survive And now Im marrying my eldest son to a wicked little bitch from Highgarden while Im supposed to marry her brother, a renowned pillow biter So.
jaime;Season 4;Father disowned me today
cersei;Season 4;He cant disown you Youre all hes got
jaime;Season 4;Youre forgetting Tyrion
cersei;Season 4;You dont really plan on staying in the Kingsguard, do you?
jaime;Season 4;Staying in the Kingsguard means I live right here in the Red Keep with you
cersei;Season 4;Not now
jaime;Season 4;I want Not now? When? Ive been back for weeks
jaime;Season 4;Somethings changed
cersei;Season 4;Everythings changed You come back after all this time with no apologies and one hand and expect everything to be the same?
jaime;Season 4;What do you want me to apologize for?
cersei;Season 4;For leaving me
jaime;Season 4;You think I wanted to be taken prisoner?
cersei;Season 4;Dont know what you wanted You werent here You left me alone
jaime;Season 4;Every day I was a prisoner, I plotted my escape Every day I murdered people so I could be here with you
cersei;Season 4;You took too long
jaime;Season 4;I What are you saying?
cersei;Season 4;Im saying you took too long
cersei;Season 4;Come in
jaime;Season 4;Go away
marei;Season 4;Forgive me, Your Grace You told me to come at once if there was anything important
tormund;Season 4;You plan on killing all the crows yourself?
ygritte;Season 4;Do you plan on sitting here scratching your balls till winter?
tormund;Season 4;We wait for Mances orders
ygritte;Season 4;You sent a man over the Wall at the full moon If hes not back yet, hes not coming back
tormund;Season 4;And what is it you want? March on Castle Black with just this lot? Your pretty crow said 1,000 men are nesting there
ygritte;Season 4;Yeah, well, hes a liar
tormund;Season 4;He is? Shouldnt it be he was ? You said you put three arrows in him
ygritte;Season 4;I did
tormund;Season 4;Ive seen you slip a shaft through a rabbits eye at 200 yards If that boys still walking, its cause you let him go
tormund;Season 4;Thenns I fucking hate Thenns
tormund;Season 4;Mance sent you?
tormund;Season 4;How did you find us?
tormund;Season 4;You came from the south, not the north
warg;Season 4;Took a detour Got some supper from a village down that way
styr;Season 4;Why does the meat down here taste so much better than it does on our side of the Wall?
tormund;Season 4;Help yourself
styr;Season 4;Maybe everythings just better fed down here
styr;Season 4;Fat and lazy Easier for us, hmm?
styr;Season 4;You didnt see us coming? Lost your warg? And that baby crow you had with you, lost him too?
tormund;Season 4;Ill answer to Mance I wont answer to you
styr;Season 4;She yours?
ygritte;Season 4;Im not anybodys
styr;Season 4;Too scrawny Not like those crows at Castle Black
styr;Season 4;Think of them stuck in their larders stuffing their faces with ham and blood sausage and stew, getting nice and fat and marbled
styr;Season 4;I know weve had our differences, Tormund, but just one time before you die, you really ought to try crow
officer;Season 4;Draw Loose
jon;Season 4;Last time I saw him, he was in the courtyard at Winterfell He said, Next time I see you, youll be all in black I was jealous of Robb my whole life The way my father looked at him, I wanted that He was better than me at everything fighting and hunting and riding and girls Gods, the girls loved him I wanted to hate him, but I never could
sam;Season 4;Sometimes I want to hate you
sam;Season 4;Well, youre better than me at everything Except reading
sam;Season 4;Theyre theyre ready for you
jon;Season 4;Hes wanted to hang me for a while Nows his chance
sam;Season 4;No ones going to hang you Youve done nothing wrong
jon;Season 4;Ive done plenty wrong
alliser thorne;Season 4;So you admit you murdered Qhorin Halfhand?
jon;Season 4;I didnt murder him
alliser thorne;Season 4;No? You put your sword through a brother of the Nights Watch What do you call that?
jon;Season 4;He wanted me to kill him
janos slynt;Season 4;A bastard son of a traitor What would you expect?
jon;Season 4;The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army
alliser thorne;Season 4;Dont talk about the Halfhand as if you knew him He was my brother
jon;Season 4;Then youd know hed do anything to defend the Wall The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him.
janos slynt;Season 4;The free folk? Listen to him He even talks like a wildling now
jon;Season 4;Aye, I talk like a wildling I ate with the wildlings I climbed the Wall with the wildlings I I laid with a wildling girl
janos slynt;Season 4;You admit to breaking your vows, then?
jon;Season 4;I do
janos slynt;Season 4;The law is the law The boy must die
maester aemon;Season 4;If we beheaded every ranger who lay with a girl, the Wall would be manned by headless men
alliser thorne;Season 4;Theres a difference between sneaking off to the Moles Town brothel and sleeping with the enemy
jon;Season 4;While we sit here debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of 100,000
alliser thorne;Season 4;Impossible You cant get 50 wildlings together before they start killing each other
jon;Season 4;100,000 Hes united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans He has giants fighting for him
janos slynt;Season 4;Giants?
jon;Season 4;Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser?
janos slunt;Season 4;I commanded the City Watch of Kings Landing, boy
jon;Season 4;And now youre here You must not have been very good at your job
janos slynt;Season 4;How dare you?
jon;Season 4;Theres a band of wildlings south of the Wall already led by Tormund Giantsbane I killed their warg and three others They shot me full of arrows Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north The signal for the attack will be a bonfire Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen Thats the truth All the truth
jon;Season 4;Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go?
maester aemon;Season 4;None of us are free We are men of the Nights Watch But we wont be taking your head today, Jon Snow Go on
alliser thorne;Season 4;I am acting commander here, Maester Aemon
maester aemon;Season 4;Yes, you are
alliser thorne;Season 4;And I dont trust the bastard
maester aemon;Season 4;He told the truth
alliser thorne;Season 4;And you always know when a mans telling a lie? How did you acquire this magical power?
maester aemon;Season 4;I grew up in Kings Landing
olenna;Season 4;No No Youre a queen, not an ox
olenna;Season 4;Your grandfather gave me a necklace just like this one for my 51st nameday
margaery;Season 4;The wedding is in a fortnight, Grandmother You cant say no to everything
olenna;Season 4;Nonsense
olenna;Season 4;My little dears Go and speak to the jewelers of Kings Landing Tell them who you are, tell them who sent you The one who brings me the best necklace will get to keep the next best
olenna;Season 4;The Margaery Tyrell who walks into the sept a fortnight from now will inspire 1,000 songs Now, how sad it will be if shes wearing rubbish like that
margaery;Season 4;Perhaps I should just let Joffrey choose it for me End up with a string of dead sparrow heads around my neck
olenna;Season 4;You watch that Even here, even with me
olenna;Season 4;My word
brienne;Season 4;My lady My lady Please pardon me for interrupting My name is Brienne of Tarth
olenna;Season 4;We know who you are Weve heard all about you But hearing is one thing Arent you just marvelous? Absolutely singular
olenna;Season 4;I hear you knocked my grandson into the dirt like the silly little boy he is
brienne;Season 4;My lady, I know this is a very busy time for you, but if I could just have a moment
olenna;Season 4;You dare not refuse
margaery;Season 4;A shadow?
brienne;Season 4;A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon I swear to you by all the gods it was Stannis He plunged his sword through Renlys heart and disappeared One day, my lady, I will avenge our king
margaery;Season 4;Joffrey is our king now
brienne;Season 4;I meant no offense
margaery;Season 4;And youve given none
jaime;Season 4;All the Kingsguard will be on duty, of course Ser Boros will be stationed here Ser Preston will be stationed here beside the primary entertainment Your Grace?
joffrey;Season 4;Yes, yes, one guard at the the thing Go on
jaime;Season 4;Ser Meryn will guard Lady Margaery and Tommen
meryn;Season 4;Ive always guarded the king himself, my lord Ever since your absence
jaime;Season 4;And I thank you for it, All very good I dont expect any trouble
meryn;Season 4;The people love their king They know who keeps them fed
jaime;Season 4;Margaery Tyrell, Ive heard
joffrey;Season 4;By my leave They know I saved the city They know I won the war
jaime;Season 4;The wars not won Not while Stannis lives
joffrey;Season 4;I broke Stannis on the Blackwater Pity you werent there to help, Uncle
jaime;Season 4;My apologies, Your Grace I was rather busy
joffrey;Season 4;Busy getting captured
jaime;Season 4;So this is the famous Book of Brothers ? All the great deeds of all the great Kingsguard Ser Arthur Dayne The Sword of the Morning Led the attack on the Kingswood Brotherhood Defeated the Smiling Knight in single combat Ser Duncan the Tall Four pages for Ser Duncan He must have been quite a man
jaime;Season 4;So they say
joffrey;Season 4;Ser Jaime Lannister
joffrey;Season 4;Someone forgot to write down all your great deeds
jaime;Season 4;Theres still time
joffrey;Season 4;Is there? For a 40-year-old knight with one hand? How can you protect me with that?
jaime;Season 4;I use my left hand now, Your Grace Makes for more of a contest
daenerys;Season 4;Have you ever been to Meereen?
missandei;Season 4;Several times, Your Grace, with Master Kraznys
daenerys;Season 4;And?
missandei;Season 4;They say 1,000 slaves died building the Great Pyramid of Meereen
daenerys;Season 4;And now an army of former slaves is marching to her gates You think the Great Masters are worried?
missandei;Season 4;If theyre smart, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 4;You were told to ride at the back of the train
daario;Season 4;Yes, my queen But I need to speak to you about something important A matter of strategy
missandei;Season 4;Your Grace
daenerys;Season 4;All right, what is this matter of strategy?
daario;Season 4;A dusk rose
daenerys;Season 4;Would you like to walk at the back of the train instead of riding?
daario;Season 4;And this ones called ladys lace
daenerys;Season 4;Would you like to walk without shoes?
daaerio;Season 4;You have to know a land to rule it Its plants, its rivers, its roads, its people Dusk rose tea eases fever Everyone in Meereen knows that Especially the slaves who have to make the tea If you want them to follow you, you have to become a part of their world Strategy
daario;Season 4;Harpys Gold No tea from this one Beautiful but poisonous
daenerys;Season 4;You are a gambler, arent you?
daario;Season 4;Your Grace
jorah;Season 4;Theres one on every mile marker between here and Meereen
daenerys;Season 4;How many miles are there between here and Meereen?
barristan;Season 4;163, Your Grace Ill tell our men to ride ahead and bury them You dont need to see this
daenerys;Season 4;You will do no such thing I will see each and every one of their faces Remove her collar before you bury her
brienne;Season 4;There she is
jaime;Season 4;Yes, there she is
brienne;Season 4;And? You made a promise
jaime;Season 4;To return the Stark girls to their mother who is now dead
brienne;Season 4;To keep them safe
jaime;Season 4;Well, Arya Stark hasnt been seen since her father was killed Where do you think she is? My moneys on dead Theres a certain safety in death, wouldnt you say? And Sansa Stark is now Sansa Lannister Bit of a complication
brienne;Season 4;A complication does not release you from a vow
jaime;Season 4;What do you want me to do? Kidnap my sister-in-law? And take her where? Where would she be safer than here?
brienne;Season 4;Look me in the eye and tell me that you think shell be safe in Kings Landing
jaime;Season 4;Are you sure were not related? Ever since Ive returned, every Lannister Ive seen has been a miserable pain in my ass Maybe youre a Lannister, too Youve got the hair for it if not the looks
ser dontos;Season 4;Its all right Its all right Its all right
sansa;Season 4;Youre drunk
ser dontos;Season 4;Yes I have good reason to be Once I was a knight Now Im only a fool Dont you know me?
sansa;Season 4;Ser Dontos The kings nameday celebration Im sorry I should have remembered
ser dontos;Season 4;I cant accept your apology I may be a fool, but Im a living fool, thanks to you
sansa;Season 4;Anyone would have done the same
ser dontos;Season 4;But only you did I can never repay you You gave me my life But this, this is worth more than my life
ser dontos;Season 4;It belonged to my mother and her mother before her House Hollard was strong once House on the rise Thats all thats left of those days, thanks to a few sad, fat drunks like me
sansa;Season 4;I cant take it Its very, very kind of you, but I cant
ser dontos;Season 4;I dont have anything else left Thats all Take it Wear it Let my name have one more moment in the sun before it disappears from the world
sansa;Season 4;Ill wear it with pride, Ser Dontos
ser dontos;Season 4;Yeah
arya;Season 4;When am I going to get a horse of my own?
sandor;Season 4;The little lady wants a pony
arya;Season 4;The little lady wants away from your stench
sandor;Season 4;Horses arent easy to come by Even if they were, you think Im gonna put you on your own horse? Watch the only thing of value Ive got in the world ride away?
arya;Season 4;Why dont you have any money? Didnt you steal anything from Joffrey before you left?
sandor;Season 4;No
arya;Season 4;Youre not very smart, are you?
sandor;Season 4;Im not a thief
arya;Season 4;Youre fine with murdering little boys, but thieving is beneath you?
sandor;Season 4;A mans got to have a code
arya;Season 4;You think Im gonna escape? Where would I go? Id be dead by nightfall without you My familys gone Ive got no one
sandor;Season 4;Youve got an aunt in the Vale Your rich Aunt Lysa After I sell you to her, maybe shell have enough left over to buy you that pony you want so much
arya;Season 4;Im hungry Youre hungry
sandor;Season 4;Five horses, five men More than I feel like killing on an empty stomach
arya;Season 4;I know him The small one His name is Polliver He captured us and took us to Harrenhal
arya;Season 4;He killed Lommy
sandor;Season 4;What the fucks a Lommy?
arya;Season 4;He was my friend Polliver stole my sword and put it right through his neck Hes still got it
sandor;Season 4;Got what?
arya;Season 4;My sword Needle
sandor;Season 4;Needle? Of course you named your sword
arya;Season 4;Lots of people name their swords
sandor;Season 4;Lots of cunts
sandor;Season 4;What are you get back here
arya;Season 4;My brother gave me that sword
sandor;Season 4;Get back here
arya;Season 4;He killed my friend
sandor;Season 4;I dont care if he ate your friend Were not going in there
man;Season 4;Come on, give it up
man;Season 4;Come here
man;Season 4;Lets have a feel there
man;Season 4;Leave it
man;Season 4;Come here
innkeeper;Season 4;Please, shes a good girl
polliver;Season 4;Shut your mouth and pour us more ale and we may not take her with us when were done with her
polliver;Season 4;I know you
polliver;Season 4;Youre the Hound
polliver;Season 4;Pour our new friend some ale What brings you so far north?
sandor;Season 4;I could ask the same of you What are you doing up here?
polliver;Season 4;Just keeping the kings peace
sandor;Season 4;No need The wars over
polliver;Season 4;So Ive heard Stannis defeated at the Blackwater Robb Stark killed at the Twins And where am I for all of it? Stuck with your brother Meaning no offense
sandor;Season 4;None taken
polliver;Season 4;Hes good, the Mountain is Best at what he does But torture, torture, torture, torture You spend enough time putting the hammer to people, you start to feel like a carpenter making chairs Drains the fun right out of it And whats life without a little fun?
polliver;Season 4;But I dont need to tell you that, eh?
sandor;Season 4;Shes all right Ive had better
polliver;Season 4;You know what? You should come with us His kind, theyve always got something hidden away somewhere Gold, silver, more daughters Always something if you know how to make them talk And theres plenty of him between here and Kings Landing You could do well for yourself We certainly have been
sandor;Season 4;Im not going to Kings Landing
polliver;Season 4;Think about it We could do whatever we like wherever we go These are the kings colors No ones standing in his way now Which means no ones standing in ours
sandor;Season 4;Fuck the king
polliver;Season 4;When I heard that Joffreys dog had tucked tail and run from the Battle of the Blackwater, I didnt believe it But here you are
sandor;Season 4;Here I am Bring me one of those chickens
polliver;Season 4;You got money to pay for it?
sandor;Season 4;You paid for it?
polliver;Season 4;No But were the kings men So, you got money?
sandor;Season 4;Not a penny
sandor;Season 4;Ill still take that chicken
polliver;Season 4;Tell you what Well trade you One of our little chickens for one of yours Give us a go at your friend Lowell there likes them a bit broken in
sandor;Season 4;Youre a talker Listening to talkers makes me thirsty
sandor;Season 4;Ah And hungry Think Ill take two chickens
polliver;Season 4;You dont seem to understand the situation
sandor;Season 4;I understand that if any more words come pouring out of your cunt mouth, Im gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room
polliver;Season 4;You lived your life for the king Youre gonna die for some chickens?
sandor;Season 4;Someone is
arya;Season 4;Something wrong with your leg, boy?
polliver;Season 4;What? What do you mean?
arya;Season 4;Can you walk? Ive got to carry you?
polliver;Season 4;Carry me?
arya;Season 4;Fine little blade
ramsay;Season 4;Tansy! Tansy! Tansy
ramsay;Season 4;Tansy! Tansy
ramsay;Season 4;There you are
myranda;Season 4;I cant see her, Ramsay
ramsay;Season 4;Tansy
ramsay;Season 4;If you make it out of the woods, you win! Run, Tansy, run
ramsay;Season 4;Tansy
myranda;Season 4;Where is she?
ramsay;Season 4;Tansy, Tansy, Tansy
ramsay;Season 4;Good girls Down, girls Down Well done You, too
myranda;Season 4;I only wounded her
ramsay;Season 4;You brought her down Thats what matters A fine shot Wasnt it, Reek?
theon;Season 4;A fine shot, master My lady
tansy;Season 4;Please, my lord It hurts
ramsay;Season 4;Oh, sweet Dont cry It will be over soon
myranda;Season 4;She thinks shes pretty Let me put one through her face
ramsay;Season 4;We have to reward the hounds, love They did all the hard work
tansy;Season 4;Why? I did whatever you asked
ramsay;Season 4;But you made Myranda feel jealous
myranda;Season 4;Me jealous of her?
tansy;Season 4;My lord, please
ramsay;Season 4;You can see that your presence has become a bit of a problem
ramsay;Season 4;Rip her! Rip her! Rip her
ramsay;Season 4;Not so pretty now
tyrion;Season 4;Your new hand, its nicer than the old one Wouldnt you agree, Pod?
podrick;Season 4;Is it solid gold?
jaime;Season 4;Gilded steel
tyrion;Season 4;Youre not eating Why is no one eating? My wife wastes away and my brother starves himself
jaime;Season 4;Im not hungry
tyrion;Season 4;You lost a hand, not a stomach Try the boar Cersei cant get enough of it since one killed Robert for her
tyrion;Season 4;A toast To the proud Lannister children The dwarf, the cripple, and the mother of madness
jaime;Season 4;Oh
podrick;Season 4;Ill clean it up
jaime;Season 4;No, Ill do it Leave us
tyrion;Season 4;Its only wine
jaime;Season 4;I cant fight anymore
tyrion;Season 4;What about your left?
jaime;Season 4;I can hold a sword, but all my instincts are wrong How can I protect the king when I can hardly wipe my own ass?
tyrion;Season 4;Youre the Lord Commander now Command Let others do the fighting When was the last time Father used a sword?
jaime;Season 4;Im not Father Im the Kingslayer When people find out I cant slay a pigeon.
tyrion;Season 4;Train, then Learn to fight with your other hand
jaime;Season 4;With whom? You? Men talk Soon as someone discovers I cant fight, hell tell everyone
tyrion;Season 4;You need a proper, discreet swordsman As it happens, I have just the one
jaime;Season 4;My brother tells me you can keep your mouth shut Unusual talent for a sellsword
bronn;Season 4;He tells me you shit gold just like your father
jaime;Season 4;Is this place safe?
bronn;Season 4;Theres this knight, Leygood, got thunderbolts on his shield
jaime;Season 4;Uh-huh
bronn;Season 4;Right here is where I fuck his wife Shes a screamer, that one If they dont hear her, they wont hear us
bronn;Season 4;Ive never seen Valyrian steel before Shes a beauty The problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, Ill have to
bronn;Season 4;And if I fight with an edged blade, Ill have no one left to pay me
jaime;Season 4;I havent used a sparring sword since I was nine
jaime;Season 4;Ah! Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guards down
bronn;Season 4;Best time to attack a man
bronn;Season 4;"Mind yourself JAIME; If I still had my right hand."
bronn;Season 4;Plan on growing it back?
jaime;Season 4;Come on, then
man;Season 4;Open the gates
man;Season 4;Riders coming in! Lets get these horses seen to
ramsay;Season 4;Father Welcome home
roose;Season 4;Walda, this is Ramsay Snow, my bastard
ramsay;Season 4;A pleasure, Mother
walda;Season 4;Hello
roose;Season 4;See that the horses are fed, watered, and rubbed down And take Lady Walda to her chambers
woman;Season 4;This way, my lady
roose;Season 4;Where is your prize?
ramsay;Season 4;With the hounds Ill have a look at him
ramsay;Season 4;I hear you took a hand from the Kingslayer
locke;Season 4;Word travels How he screamed You would have loved it
ramsay;Season 4;Father
roose;Season 4;What did you do to him?
ramsay;Season 4;I trained him He was a slow learner, but he learned
roose;Season 4;You flayed him
ramsay;Season 4;Peeled a few bits Removed a few others
roose;Season 4;This was Balon Greyjoys son and heir
ramsay;Season 4;Weve been flaying our enemies for 1,000 years The flayed man is on our banners
roose;Season 4;My banners, not yours Youre not a Bolton Youre a Snow Tywin Lannister has given me the North But he wont lift a finger to help me take it As long as the ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin
ramsay;Season 4;I already asked Lord Greyjoy refused Savages have no.
roose;Season 4;You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?
ramsay;Season 4;You made me acting Lord of the Dreadfort I acted
roose;Season 4;I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys I needed Theon I needed him whole
ramsay;Season 4;Theon was our enemy But Reek, Reek will never betray us
roose;Season 4;I placed far too much trust in you
ramsay;Season 4;Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? Its disrespectful
theon;Season 4;Im sorry, my lord
ramsay;Season 4;Give him the razor
ramsay;Season 4;If Im not a Bolton, Father, what does it matter?
ramsay;Season 4;Go on, Reek A nice close shave
ramsay;Season 4;Reek, tell Father where are Bran and Rickon Stark?
theon;Season 4;I dont know, my lord
roose;Season 4;You murdered them and displayed their corpses at Winterfell
ramsay;Season 4;Reek, did you murder the Stark boys?
theon;Season 4;No, my lord Just two farm boys
ramsay;Season 4;And crisped them so no one would know
theon;Season 4;Yes, my lord
ramsay;Season 4;The Starks have always ruled the North If Bran and Rickon are alive, the country will rally to their side now that Robb Stark is gone
ramsay;Season 4;Oh, thats right, Reek Robb Stark is dead Sorry I know he was like a brother to you But my father put a knife through his heart How do you feel about that?
roose;Season 4;You ready for a hunt?
meryn trant;Season 4;Always Find those boys and Ill give you 1,000 acres and a holdfast
locke;Season 4;Your pet rat have any thoughts on which way they went after Winterfell?
theon;Season 4;Jon Snow is at Castle Black
locke;Season 4;Who the fuck is Jon Snow?
roose;Season 4;Their bastard brother He could be sheltering them He may know where they are
ramsay;Season 4;Even if he doesnt, hes half Stark himself Could be a threat
roose;Season 4;You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin Bring this creature of yours Maybe hell be of some use Take the Moat for the family, for our family, and Ill reconsider your position
tyrion;Season 4;Lord Varys Breakfasting with the king?
varys;Season 4;Im afraid foreigners arent welcome at such exclusive affairs
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, to be foreign
varys;Season 4;Ahem
varys;Season 4;Shae has been noticed Sansas maid saw you with her She already told your sister Its only a matter of time before your father hears
tyrion;Season 4;So Im guilty of being seen with my own wifes handmaiden My father will ask you if theres anything more and youll tell him some clever lie
varys;Season 4;No, I will not How long do you imagine your father and sister would let me live if they suspected me of lying? I have no pet sellsword to protect me No legendary brother to avenge me Only little birds who whisper in my ear
tyrion;Season 4;Forgive me if I dont weep for you
varys;Season 4;No one weeps for spiders or whores I have friends across the sea who could help her
tyrion;Season 4;She wont leave Ive told her this is a dangerous place so many times, she no longer believes it
varys;Season 4;Your father has promised to hang the next whore he finds you with Have you ever known your father to make an idle threat?
mace;Season 4;From House Tyrell and the people of the Reach, Your Grace, it is my honor to present you with this wedding cup
mace;Season 4;May you and my daughter Margaery drink deep and live long
joffrey;Season 4;A handsome goblet, my lord Or shall I call you Father?
mace;Season 4;I shall be honored, Your Grace
cersei;Season 4;Shes the whore I told you about The dark-haired one
tywin;Season 4;Have her brought to the Tower of the Hand before the wedding
joffrey;Season 4;A book?
tyrion;Season 4;The Lives of Four Kings Grand Maester Kaeths history of the reigns of Daeron the Young Dragon, Baelor the Blessed, Aegon the Unworthy, and Daeron the Good A book every king should read
joffrey;Season 4;Now that the war is won, we should all find time for wisdom Thank you, Uncle
tywin;Season 4;One of only two Valyrian steel swords in the capital, Your Grace, freshly forged in your honor
pycelle;Season 4;Careful, Your Grace Nothing cuts like Valyrian steel
joffrey;Season 4;So they say
joffrey;Season 4;Such a great sword should have a name What shall I call her?
man;Season 4;Stormbringer
man;Season 4;Terminus
man;Season 4;Widows Wail
man;Season 4;Wolfsbane
joffrey;Season 4;Widows Wail I like that Every time I use it, itll be like cutting off Ned Starks head all over again
tyrion;Season 4;Dont
shae;Season 4;You want me on the desk? Whats wrong, my lion?
tyrion;Season 4;Dont call me that
shae;Season 4;What should I call you?
tyrion;Season 4;Im afraid our friendship cant continue
shae;Season 4;Our friendship?
tyrion;Season 4;Theres a ship waiting in the harbor bound for Pentos
shae;Season 4;What? Youll have your own cabin, of course, and across the Narrow Sea a house, servants
shae;Season 4;What is this?
tyrion;Season 4;Im a married man My wife has suffered a great deal, as you well know I dont want her to suffer anymore on my account I need to uphold my vows
shae;Season 4;She doesnt want you
tyrion;Season 4;I need to do right by her
shae;Season 4;You dont want her
tyrion;Season 4;By our children
shae;Season 4;What are you afraid of?
tyrion;Season 4;Im not afraid
shae;Season 4;You are You are afraid of your father and your sister Youre going to run from them all your life? I need you to leave
shae;Season 4;Im not afraid of them Im not going to run
tyrion;Season 4;Shae
shae;Season 4;We will fight them together Its like you said, I am yours and you are mine
tyrion;Season 4;Youre a whore! Sansa is fit to bear my children and you are not I cant be in love with a whore I cant have children with a whore How many men have you been with? 500? 5,000?
shae;Season 4;How many whores have you been with?
tyrion;Season 4;I have enjoyed my time with all of them and I have enjoyed my time with you most of all But now that time is over
tyrion;Season 4;Youll have a comfortable life in Pentos Bronn will escort you to your ship Stanniss army camp in the Stormlands at night
melisandre;Season 4;Hear us now Accept these tokens of our faith, my lord, and lead us from the darkness
axell florent;Season 4;Sire, I served you well
melisandre;Season 4;Lord of Light, show us the way.
axell florent;Season 4;Selyse, youre my sister
selyse;Season 4;Yours are the stars that guide us
axell florent;Season 4;Tell him! Tell him
melisandre;Season 4;Lord of Light, protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors
selyse;Season 4;Did you see? Their souls It was their souls Our lord took them Did you see?
davos;Season 4;"Lord Florent was your brother by law STANNIS; He was an infidel"
davos;Season 4;He worshipped the gods of his fathers and their fathers before him They were the gods of your fathers, too
stannis;Season 4;I ordered him to tear down his idols He disobeyed
davos;Season 4;How many ships did he bring to your cause? How many men?
stannis;Season 4;A good deal more than you
selyse;Season 4;Did you see, Ser Davos? Theyre with our lord now Their sins all burned away Did you see?
davos;Season 4;Im sure theyre more than grateful, my queen
stannis;Season 4;Meats off
selyse;Season 4;Our larders are almost empty
stannis;Season 4;Serve fish, then Were on an island
selyse;Season 4;You hate fish
stannis;Season 4;I hate a good many things, but I suffer them all the same
selyse;Season 4;When Storms End was under siege and I was starving, Stannis boiled soup for me from books The binding glue is made from horses One morning, he shot two seagulls on the beach Ive never tasted anything as good as grilled seagull Do you remember?
stannis;Season 4;Of course I remember
selyse;Season 4;Have you ever known true hunger, my lady?
melisandre;Season 4;Its all I knew when I was a child
selyse;Season 4;Until you found the Lord of Light?
melisandre;Season 4;Until he found me
selyse;Season 4;I fear for our daughters soul
melisandre;Season 4;Every mother should fear for her childs soul
selyse;Season 4;Shes a stubborn little beast
stannis;Season 4;Shes a child
selyse;Season 4;You barely know her You think shes sweet because she smiles when you visit Shes sullen and stubborn and sinful Why else would the Lord of Light have seen fit to mark her face? She needs the rod
stannis;Season 4;Shes my daughter You will not strike her
selyse;Season 4;As you command Perhaps the Lady Melisandre could speak with her
shireen;Season 4;Come in
melisandre;Season 4;Were you sleeping, Princess?
melisandre;Season 4;Did you watch the ceremony on the beach?
shireen;Season 4;I heard it
melisandre;Season 4;And it frightened you?
shireen;Season 4;Ser Axell was my uncle He was always kind to me
melisandre;Season 4;Theyre in a better place now, Princess The fire cleansed them of the sins of the world
shireen;Season 4;But they screamed
melisandre;Season 4;Women scream when they give birth Afterward they are filled with joy
shireen;Season 4;Afterward they arent ash and bone
melisandre;Season 4;You have so many questions, dont you? So did I when I was a child I was much like you Only I wasnt a princess
shireen;Season 4;And you didnt have this
melisandre;Season 4;No But I suffered in other ways, sweet girl, believe me What do you know of the gods?
shireen;Season 4;I read
melisandre;Season 4;Lies and fables Septons speak of seven gods There are but two a god of light and love and joy and a god of darkness, evil, and fear Eternally at war
shireen;Season 4;There are no seven heavens and no seven hells?
melisandre;Season 4;Theres only one hell, Princess The one we live in now
hodor;Season 4;Hodor
bran;Season 4;Why did you wake me?
meera;Season 4;Youve been gone for hours
bran;Season 4;I was hungry
meera;Season 4;Were all hungry
bran;Season 4;I was just eating
jojen;Season 4;Summer was eating Your body cant live on the food your wolf consumes Spending too much time in Summers skin is dangerous Youre not a direwolf, Bran
jojen;Season 4;Must be glorious, though To run, to leap, to hunt To be whole I know thats tempting, but if youre trapped in Summer for too long, youll forget what it was to be human
meera;Season 4;Youd forget us, Bran Youd forget your mother and father Youd forget your brothers and sisters Youd forget Winterfell Youd forget you And if we lose you, we lose everything
bran;Season 4;Hodor, take me to the tree THREE
eyed raven;Season 4;Look for me beneath the tree
cersei;Season 4;He saw us THREE
eyed raven;Season 4;North
bran;Season 4;I know where we have to go
high septon;Season 4;Let it be known that Margaery of House Tyrell and Joffrey of the Houses Lannister and Baratheon are one heart, one flesh, one soul Cursed be he who would seek to tear them asunder
joffrey;Season 4;With this kiss, I pledge my love
sansa;Season 4;We have a new queen
tyrion;Season 4;Better her than you
tywin;Season 4;Bit much, wouldnt you say?
olenna;Season 4;It feels proportionate
tywin;Season 4;Proportionate to what?
olenna;Season 4;The expected extravagance
tywin;Season 4;People who spend their money on this sort of nonsense tend not to have it for long
olenna;Season 4;You ought to try enjoying something before you die You might find it suits you
olenna;Season 4;Not now, Mace Lord Tywin and I are speaking
olenna;Season 4;Anyway, I dont know what youre complaining about Im paying my share
tywin;Season 4;Shall we stick golden roses in half the meat pies to commemorate your generosity?
olenna;Season 4;No, your heartfelt thank-you is its own reward I would imagine Id be hearing it again before long Wars are rather expensive The Iron Bank will have its due How they love to remind everyone Almost as much as you Lannisters with your debts
tywin;Season 4;Im not worried about the Iron Bank
olenna;Season 4;We both know youre smarter than that Come, Tywin, let us celebrate young love
bronn;Season 4;All taken care of
tyrion;Season 4;You saw her board the ship?
bronn;Season 4;Aye, shes on it
tyrion;Season 4;You saw the ship sail away?
bronn;Season 4;No one knows shes there but you, me, and Varys
tyrion;Season 4;How do you know?
bronn;Season 4;Because if someone follows me without an invitation, Im the last person they ever follow
tyrion;Season 4;Theres someone following you?
bronn;Season 4;Shes gone I know you dont want to believe it, but she is Now, go drink till it feels like you did the right thing
oberyn;Season 4;Hello
tyrion;Season 4;Hello
oberyn;Season 4;Not you
olenna;Season 4;You look exquisite, child The wind has been at you, though I havent had the opportunity to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your brother War is war, but killing a man at a wedding, horrid What sort of monster would do such a thing? As if men need more reasons to fear marriage
tyrion;Season 4;My lady My lady
olenna;Season 4;Lord Tyrion, you see? Not as bad as all that Perhaps if your pauper husband were to sell his mule and his last pair of shoes, he might be able to afford to bring you to Highgarden for a visit Now that peace has come and all is right with the world, it would do you good to see some of it You must excuse me Its time I ate some of this food I paid for
musician;Season 4;A coat of gold / Or a coat of red / A lion still has claws And mine, my lord.
joffrey;Season 4;"Very good Very good Off you go MARGAERY; My love, why dont we make the announcement?"
joffrey;Season 4;Everyone The queen would like to say a few words
margaery;Season 4;We are so fortunate to enjoy this marvelous food and drink Not all among us are so lucky To thank the gods for bringing the recent war to a just end, King Joffrey has decreed that the leftovers from our feast be given to the poorest in his city
cersei;Season 4;Youre an example to us all
loras;Season 4;Ser Jaime, Im very sorry
jaime;Season 4;Ser Loras, its quite all right Your sister looks very beautiful
loras;Season 4;As does yours
jaime;Season 4;So, looking forward to your wedding?
loras;Season 4;Yes, very much
jaime;Season 4;Our fathers are both rather keen on the prospect
loras;Season 4;They certainly are
jaime;Season 4;Perhaps they should get married If you were to marry Cersei, shed murder you in your sleep If you somehow managed to put a child in her first, shed murder him, too, long before he drew his first breath Luckily for you, none of this will happen because youll never marry her
loras;Season 4;And neither will you
brienne;Season 4;Your Grace My king My queen
margaery;Season 4;Lady Brienne So good of you to come
brienne;Season 4;Im no lady, Your Grace
cersei;Season 4;Did you just bow?
brienne;Season 4;Apologies, Your Grace I never did master the curtsy
joffrey;Season 4;Youre the one who put a sword through Renly Baratheon
margaery;Season 4;Thats not true, my love Brienne had nothing to do with it
joffrey;Season 4;A shame Id knight the man that put an end to that deviants life
brienne;Season 4;I just wanted to congratulate you both and wish you good fortune The country has been at war too long I hope your reign is long and peaceful
joffrey;Season 4;Yes, yes
margaery;Season 4;Thank you I hope we see more of you
cersei;Season 4;Lady Brienne Youre Lord Selwyn Tarths daughter That makes you a lady whether you want to be or not
brienne;Season 4;As you say, Your Grace
cersei;Season 4;I owe you my gratitude You returned my brother safely to Kings Landing
brienne;Season 4;In truth, he rescued me, Your Grace More than once
cersei;Season 4;Did he? Havent heard that story before
brienne;Season 4;Not such a fascinating story, Im afraid
cersei;Season 4;Im sure you have many fascinating stories Sworn to Renly Baratheon Sworn to Catelyn Stark And now my brother Must be exciting to flit from one camp to the next serving whichever lord or lady you fancy
brienne;Season 4;I dont serve your brother, Your Grace
cersei;Season 4;But you love him
brienne;Season 4;Your Grace
pycelle;Season 4;No, no, come to my chambers and I will examine you personally
cersei;Season 4;Shell do no such thing
pycelle;Season 4;Oh, Your Grace Yes, well, this young lady sought my advice.
cersei;Season 4;You should see Qyburn Hes quite good
maid;Season 4;Your Grace
pycelle;Season 4;Qyburn? Deplorable man Brought shame on the Citadel with his repugnant experiments
cersei;Season 4;More repugnant than your gnarled fingers on that girls thighs?
pycelle;Season 4;Your Grace, I am a man of learning
cersei;Season 4;My little brother had you sent to the Black Cells when you annoyed him What do you think I could do to you if you annoyed me?
pycelle;Season 4;I never meant to annoy anyone
cersei;Season 4;But you are You annoy me right now Every breath you draw in my presence annoys me So heres what I want you to do I want you to leave my presence Leave this wedding right now Go to the kitchens and instruct them that all the leftovers from the feast will be brought to the kennels
pycelle;Season 4;Your Grace, Queen Margaery.
cersei;Season 4;The queen is telling you the leftovers will feed the dogs or you will
joffrey;Season 4;A gold dragon to whoever knocks my fools hat off
tywin;Season 4;Youre in rather a good mood
cersei;Season 4;I suppose I am
tywin;Season 4;I wont ask why
cersei;Season 4;Small pleasures
oberyn;Season 4;Your Grace Lord Tywin
tywin;Season 4;Prince Oberyn
oberyn;Season 4;I dont believe you have met Ellaria This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister the Queen Regent I suppose it is former Queen Regent now Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand
ellaria;Season 4;My lord My lady
tywin;Season 4;Charmed
cersei;Season 4;Cant say Ive ever met a Sand before
ellaria;Season 4;We are everywhere in Dorne I have 10,000 brothers and sisters
oberyn;Season 4;Bastards are born of passion, arent they? We dont despise them in Dorne
cersei;Season 4;No? How tolerant of you
oberyn;Season 4;I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked
cersei;Season 4;I suppose youll never know, Prince Oberyn Its a shame your older brother couldnt attend the wedding
tywin;Season 4;Please give him our regards With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again
oberyn;Season 4;They call it the rich mans disease A wonder you dont have it
tywin;Season 4;Noblemen in my part of the country dont enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne
oberyn;Season 4;People everywhere have their differences In some places the highborn frown upon those of low birth In other places the rape and murder of women and children is considered distasteful What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place
joffrey;Season 4;Everyone, silence! Clear the floor Theres been too much amusement here today A royal wedding is not an amusement A royal wedding is history The time has come for all of us to contemplate our history My lords my ladies.
joffrey;Season 4;I give you King Joffrey Renly, Stannis, Robb Stark, Balon Greyjoy The War of the Five Kings
renly dwarf;Season 4;Im the rightful king
robb dwarf;Season 4;King in the North
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;Yes
balon dwarf;Season 4;Traitor Youre a traitor
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;For the Seven Kingdoms
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;Let the war begin
stannis dwarf;Season 4;Renly, youre no king
balon dwarf;Season 4;Away, degenerate Away Away
renly dwarf;Season 4;Ooh, careful
stannis dwarf;Season 4;Go on
renly dwarf;Season 4;I want you to be my prince Stannis
balon dwarf;Season 4;Whos got the gold now, Stark?
robb dwarf;Season 4;I am the rightful king
balon dwarf;Season 4;Challenge me, ruffian
robb dwarf;Season 4;Take that
balon dwarf;Season 4;Im drowning Im drowning
robb dwarf;Season 4;I am the King in the North
stannis dwarf;Season 4;Not wildfire
tyron;Season 4;Pay each of them 20 gold when this is done
podrick;Season 4;Yes, my lord
tyrion;Season 4;Well have to find another way to thank the king
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;Charge
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;Ready, again
robb dwarf;Season 4;I am the King in the North! Charge
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;Charge! Yes
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;Your head
joffrey dwarf;Season 4;Fine gentlemen
joffrey;Season 4;Well fought Well fought Here you are Champions purse Though youre not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign Uncle How about you? Im sure they have a spare costume
tyrion;Season 4;One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace I would like to keep what remains of my face I think you should fight him This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle I speak as a firsthand witness Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne Be careful, though This one is clearly mad with lust It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night
tyrion;Season 4;A fine vintage Shame that it spilled
joffrey;Season 4;It did not spill
margaery;Season 4;My love, come back to me Its time for my fathers toast
joffrey;Season 4;Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as youre too cowardly to fight
tyrion;Season 4;Your Grace does me a great honor
joffrey;Season 4;Its not meant as an honor
joffrey;Season 4;Bring me my goblet
joffrey;Season 4;What good is an empty cup? Fill it
joffrey;Season 4;Kneel Kneel before your king
joffrey;Season 4;Kneel I said kneel
margaery;Season 4;Look, the pie
joffrey;Season 4;My queen
margaery;Season 4;Wonderful Wonderful My hero
sansa;Season 4;Can we leave now?
tyrion;Season 4;Lets find out
joffrey;Season 4;Uncle Where are you going? Youre my cupbearer, remember?
tyrion;Season 4;I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace
joffrey;Season 4;No, no, no No, youre perfect the way you are Serve me my wine
joffrey;Season 4;Well, hurry up This pie is dry
joffrey;Season 4;Mm, good Needs washing down
tyrion;Season 4;If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired
joffrey;Season 4;No No, youll wait here un.
tyrion;Season 4;Your Grace?
joffrey;Season 4;Its nothing
margaery;Season 4;Hes choking
olenna;Season 4;Help the poor boy
olenna;Season 4;Idiots, help your king
jaime;Season 4;Move away
jaime;Season 4;Joffrey! Joffrey
cersei;Season 4;Help him! Someone help him
cersei;Season 4;Joffrey
ser dontos;Season 4;Come with me now
cersei;Season 4;Joffrey! Joffrey
ser dontos;Season 4;If you want to live, we have to leave
cersei;Season 4;Dont touch him
cersei;Season 4;Joffrey Please, Joffrey Joffrey, what is it? Help him! He reaches a hand out towards TYRION, who at that moment picks up the goblet from before him JOFFREY gaps a final time as blood continues to stream from his nose, his face a horrid shade of purple He dies
cersei;Season 4;My son
man;Season 4;Hes gone Our king is gone
cersei;Season 4;He did this He poisoned my son, your king Take him Take him Take him Take him
cersei;Season 4;You did this You did this! As Sansa looks on, Ser Dontos Hollard approaches her
ser dontos;Season 4;We have to leave
cersei;Season 4;Take him! Take him
cersei;Season 4;Where is his wife? Wheres Sansa?
tywin;Season 4;Find her Bar the gates of the city Seize every ship in the harbor
cersei;Season 4;Where is she?
tywin;Season 4;No one leaves the capital! No one
ser dontos;Season 4;Get in
sansa;Season 4;Where are we going?
ser dontos;Season 4;Somewhere safe
ser dontos;Season 4;Up you go, my lady Youll be fine Youre stronger than you know
sansa;Season 4;Lord Baelish?
littlefinger;Season 4;Petyr Are you hurt, my lady?
littlefinger;Season 4;Good Good Im sure youve had quite a fright Rest easy The worst is past Ser Dontos shouts up from his boat
ser dontos;Season 4;Lord Baelish I promised Id get her to you safely
littlefinger;Season 4;Softly, my friend Voices carry over water
ser dontos;Season 4;I should get back before someone thinks to look for me LITTLEFINGER First youll want your pay 10,000 was it?
ser dontos;Season 4;10
ser dontos;Season 4;Wait
littlefinger;Season 4;Shh You dont want the queen to hear, do you? 1,000 gold cloaks are searching for you And if they found you, how do you think they would punish the girl who murdered the king?
sansa;Season 4;I didnt murder anyone
littlefinger;Season 4;I know I know But you must admit it looks suspicious The king who executed your father, who tormented you for years, and you fled the scene of his murder
sansa;Season 4;Why did you kill him?
littlefinger;Season 4;Because he was a drunk and a fool and I dont trust drunk fools
sansa;Season 4;He saved me
littlefinger;Season 4;Saved you? My lady, he followed my orders Every one of them And he did it all for gold Money buys a mans silence for a time A bolt in the heart buys it forever
sansa;Season 4;He was helping me because I saved his life
littlefinger;Season 4;Yes, and he gave you a priceless necklace that once belonged to his grandmother The last legacy of House Hollard
littlefinger;Season 4;I had it made a few weeks ago What did I once tell you about the capital?
sansa;Season 4;Were all liars here
littlefinger;Season 4;Come, my lady I know youve had a difficult day But youre safe now I promise you that Youre safe with me and sailing home
margaery;Season 4;So am I the queen?
olenna;Season 4;More than you were with Renly Less than you would have been if Joffrey had done you the courtesy of consummating the marriage before dying In any case, this would not be an opportune moment to press the issue
margaery;Season 4;Clawing at his own throat, looking to his mother to make stop it was horrible
olenna;Season 4;The world is overflowing with horrible things But theyre all a tray of cakes next to death They brought me your grandfathers body when he died, you know? Made me look at it
margaery;Season 4;What was it like?
olenna;Season 4;They took me to the Great Hall and there he was The man Id married and suffered to father my children A great doughy lump Id sat next to at endless dinners and tedious gatherings There he was lying on a table
margaery;Season 4;One of my husbands preferred the company of men and was stabbed through the heart Another was happiest torturing animals and was poisoned at our wedding feast I must be cursed
olenna;Season 4;Nonsense Your circumstances have improved markedly You may not have enjoyed watching him die, but you enjoyed it more than you would have enjoyed being married to him, I can promise you that
margaery;Season 4;But I would have been the queen
olenna;Season 4;Our alliance with the Lannisters remains every bit as necessary to them as it is unpleasant for us You did wonderful work on Joffrey The next one should be easier
tywin;Season 4;Your brother is dead Do you know what that means?
tywin;Season 4;Im not trying to trick you
tommen;Season 4;It means Ill become king
tywin;Season 4;Yes, you will become king What kind of king do you think youll be?
tommen;Season 4;A good king?
tywin;Season 4;Mm, I think so as well Youve got the right temperament for it But what makes a good king? Hmm? What is a good kings single most important quality?
cersei;Season 4;This is hardly the place or the time
tommen;Season 4;Holiness?
tywin;Season 4;Hmm Baelor the Blessed was holy And pious He built this sept He also named a six-year-old boy high septon because he thought the boy could work miracles He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world and this world was sinful
tommen;Season 4;Justice
tywin;Season 4;Yeah A good king must be just Orys I was just Everyone applauded his reforms Nobles and commoners alike But he wasnt just for long He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother Was that truly just of him? To abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?
tommen;Season 4;No
tywin;Season 4;No
tommen;Season 4;What about strength?
tywin;Season 4;Yes Strength King Robert was strong He won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty And he attended three small council meetings in 17 years He spent his time whoring and hunting and drinking until the last two killed him So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him, and a man who thinks that winning and ruling are the same thing What do they all lack?
tommen;Season 4;Wisdom
tywin;Season 4;Yes
tommen;Season 4;Wisdom is what makes a good king
tywin;Season 4;Yes But what is wisdom? Hmm? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong Navy that could one day oppose you How do you know which choice is wise and which isnt? Youve any experience of treasuries and granaries or shipyards and soldiers?
tommen;Season 4;No
tywin;Season 4;No Of course not A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesnt Youre young A wise young king listens to his counselors and heeds their advice until he comes of age And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards Your brother was not a wise king Your brother was not a good king If he had been, perhaps hed still be alive Now, as the king, you will have to marry Do you understand why?
tommen;Season 4;A king needs a queen
tywin;Season 4;Yes, but why? To further the family line Do you know how that happens?
tommen;Season 4;Yes
tywin;Season 4;Yes, but has anyone explained the details to you?
tommen;Season 4;I dont think so Its all relatively straightforward
jaime;Season 4;How are you?
tommen;Season 4;Im all right
jaime;Season 4;You are You will be Ill see to that
jaime;Season 4;Please give the queen a moment alone with her son
high septon;Season 4;Yes, my lord All of you
cersei;Season 4;It was Tyrion He killed him He told me he would A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth Thats what he said to me You saw it You saw Joff point at him just before he.
jaime;Season 4;I dont know what I saw
cersei;Season 4;Avenge him Avenge our son Kill Tyrion
jaime;Season 4;Tyrions my brother Our brother Therell be a trial Well get to the truth of what happened
cersei;Season 4;I dont want a trial Hell squirm his way to freedom given the chance I want him dead Please, Jaime You have to He was our son Our baby boy
jaime;Season 4;Youre a hateful woman Why have the gods made me love a hateful woman?
cersei;Season 4;Jaime, not here, please Please
cersei;Season 4;Stop it Stop it Stop
jaime;Season 4;No
cersei;Season 4;Stop it Stop
cersei;Season 4;Stop Stop Its not right
cersei;Season 4;Its not right Its not right
jaime;Season 4;I dont care
cersei;Season 4;Dont
jaime;Season 4;I dont care
cersei;Season 4;Dont Jaime, dont
jaime;Season 4;I dont care
arya;Season 4;Gonna rain soon Where are we?
sandor;Season 4;Near Fairmarket, I think
arya;Season 4;You think? You dont have a map?
sandor;Season 4;No, I dont have a map
arya;Season 4;Maybe we should get one
sandor;Season 4;Just point out the next map shop you see and Ill buy you one
arya;Season 4;How far is it to the Eyrie?
sandor;Season 4;Far
arya;Season 4;And youre sure were going the right way?
sandor;Season 4;Believe me, girl, I want you there as soon as I can Get my gold, be on my way
arya;Season 4;On your way where?
sandor;Season 4;Why do you care? Might book passage across the Narrow Sea Fight as a sellsword Second Sons, could be Seems like a good fit for me
arya;Season 4;Id like to see Braavos one day
sandor;Season 4;Why Braavos?
arya;Season 4;I have friends there
sandor;Season 4;I doubt it
farmer hamlet;Season 4;Seven blessings to you
sandor;Season 4;What do you want?
farmer hamlet;Season 4;What do I want? This is my land
sandor;Season 4;If Im standing on it, its my land
arya;Season 4;We were just watering the horses Well be on our way Forgive my father He was wounded fighting in the war Our cottage burned down while he was gone and my mother with it
arya;Season 4;Hes never been the same
farmer hamlet;Season 4;Which house did he fight for?
arya;Season 4;The Tullys of Riverrun
farmer hamlet;Season 4;Theres a storm coming Youll be wanting a roof tonight Theres fresh hay in the barn And Sally here makes rabbit stew just like her mom used to do We dont have much, but any man that bled for House Tully is welcome to it
farmer hamlet;Season 4;We ask the Father to judge us with mercy accepting our human frailty We ask the Mother to bless our crops so we may feed ourselves and all who come to our door We ask the Warrior to give us courage in these days of strife and turmoil We ask the Maiden to protect Sallys virtue to keep her from the clutches of depravity
sandor;Season 4;You got to do all seven of the fuckers?
arya;Season 4;Father
farmer hamlet;Season 4;We ask the Smith to strengthen our hands and our backs so we may finish the work required of us We ask the Crone to guide us on our journey from darkness to darkness
sandor;Season 4;And we ask the Stranger not to kill us in our beds tonight for no damn reason at all
arya;Season 4;Im so sorry
arya;Season 4;Really good
farmer hamlet;Season 4;Did you fight at the Twins?
sandor;Season 4;Call that a fight? Slaughtering livestock more like
farmer hamlet;Season 4;The Red Wedding theyre calling it Walder Frey committed sacrilege that day He shared bread and salt with the Starks He offered them guest right
sandor;Season 4;Guest right dont mean much anymore
farmer hamlet;Season 4;It means something to me The gods will have their vengeance Frey will burn in the seventh hell for what he did Things were different when Hoster Tully ruled the Riverlands We had good years and bad years, same as anyone But we were safe Now with the Freys, raiders come plundering, steal our food, steal our silver I was gonna send Sally north to stay with my brother, but the norths no better The whole countrys gone sour
sandor;Season 4;You got any ale?
farmer hamlet;Season 4;Afraid not
sandor;Season 4;How can a man not keep ale in his home?
farmer hamlet;Season 4;You look like you could really swing that sword A real warrior with proper training Those raiders wouldnt stand a chance against you How would it be if you stayed on till the new moon? I could use a man to help with the farmwork Sally does what she can, but she cant lift a bale of hay And if any thieves came looking for easy pickings, one look at you, Id bet theyd run the other way Meaning no offense
sandor;Season 4;Whatll you pay? I dont have much But I have hidden a bit of silver from the bandits Fair wages for fair work?
sandor;Season 4;Fair wages for fair work
arya;Season 4;What did you do?
sandor;Season 4;Get your horse saddled
arya;Season 4;You told me you werent a thief
sandor;Season 4;I wasnt
arya;Season 4;He took us in He fed us and you.
sandor;Season 4;Aye, he took us in Hes a good man and his daughter makes a nice stew And theyll both be dead come winter
arya;Season 4;You dont know that
sandor;Season 4;I do know it Hes weak He cant protect himself Theyll both be dead come winter Dead men dont need silver
arya;Season 4;Youre the worst shit in the Seven Kingdoms
sandor;Season 4;Theres plenty worse than me I just understand the way things are How many Starks they got to behead before you figure it out?
ranger;Season 4;Raper Raper Horse thief Ninth born son Raper Thief Thief and raper
alliser thorne;Season 4;There he is, Sam the Slayer
janos slynt;Season 4;Going to visit your wildling whore?
sam;Season 4;Shes not a whore
janos slynt;Season 4;No? Maybe Ill give her a copper tonight and find out
sam;Season 4;They all think Im lying
gilly;Season 4;About what?
sam;Season 4;Killing the white Walker
gilly;Season 4;Youre not lying Ill never forget the way it screamed
sam;Season 4;But youre the only one that saw it And they all think youre just a.
gilly;Season 4;A what?
sam;Season 4;Well, a wildling
gilly;Season 4;My father hated that word
sam;Season 4;Its not a very nice word, I suppose
gilly;Season 4;I dont know It makes me sound a bit dangerous, doesnt it?
sam;Season 4;So are you all right? No one bothering you?
gilly;Season 4;I get a lot of looks I hear them making their jokes But no ones touched me if thats what you mean
sam;Season 4;I worry about it sometimes All the time
gilly;Season 4;Why do you worry about it?
sam;Season 4;100 men, one woman
gilly;Season 4;Theyve got other things to think about
sam;Season 4;Thats the only thing they think about
gilly;Season 4;Youre being silly
sam;Season 4;Im not being silly Theres 100 men lying awake at night picturing you
gilly;Season 4;What about you?
sam;Season 4;What about me? Gilly? I worry about you
gilly;Season 4;Thank you
sam;Season 4;For what?
gilly;Season 4;For worrying about me
sam;Season 4;I dont know if youre safe here Theyre my brothers, but some of them were thieves before they came here Some of them were rapers You saw what they did at your fathers keep
gilly;Season 4;So what are you saying?
sam;Season 4;Maybe youd be safer in Moles Town
gilly;Season 4;Are you bored of me?
sam;Season 4;Bored of you? I I want to protect you
gilly;Season 4;Ill get these to Hobb Keep an eye on little Sam
davos;Season 4;Your Grace
stannis;Season 4;Youre a literary man now What do you make of that?
davos;Season 4;Joffrey?
stannis;Season 4;The usurper Joffrey Baratheon I said those words when I tossed a leech into the fire A leech filled with bastard blood A bastard you set free I am now faced with a great opportunity and I am powerless to take advantage of it
davos;Season 4;I will find you an army, Your Grace Ive been working day and night.
stannis;Season 4;What progress have you made?
davos;Season 4;Ive rallied House Peasebury to your cause
stannis;Season 4;House Peasebury
davos;Season 4;House Musgood
stannis;Season 4;House Musgood
davos;Season 4;And House Haigh
stannis;Season 4;House Haigh They dont have enough men between them to raid a pantry
davos;Season 4;Westeros is not the world, Your Grace We need to look east for ships and men 10,000 skilled soldiers fight for the Golden Company
stannis;Season 4;The Golden Company?
davos;Season 4;Theyve never broken a contract
stannis;Season 4;Theyre sellswords
davos;Season 4;Were willing to use blood magic to put you on the throne, but were not willing to pay men to fight? Now the Red Womans magic is real Her visions and prophecies may be, too, but Ive never heard of visions and prophecies winning a war Soldiers win wars Soldiers on the ground Its dirty on the ground
stannis;Season 4;We dont have any gold
davos;Season 4;Not yet
stannis;Season 4;If I do not press my claim, my claim will be forgotten I will not become a page in someone elses history book Im running out of time, Ser Davos Which means youre running out of time
shireen;Season 4;Youre late
davos;Season 4;Im sorry, Princess
shireen;Season 4;I thought you werent coming
davos;Season 4;The Hand of the King doesnt have much leisure time
shireen;Season 4;You wont be a very good Hand if you see the word knight and say ka-nigit
davos;Season 4;That happened once, weeks ago Youre your fathers daughter, no mistake Bloody relentless, the both of you
shireen;Season 4;Its a new one today Lots of tricky words But I think you can manage
shireen;Season 4;Youll never read well if you move your lips Thats how children do it
davos;Season 4;The Life and Adventures of Elyo Grivas First Sword of Braavos
davos;Season 4;Thank you very much
shireen;Season 4;I like this one Its full of sword fights and pirates You were a pirate once
davos;Season 4;No, I was never a pirate I was a smuggler
shireen;Season 4;Whats the difference?
davos;Season 4;Well, if youre a famous smuggler, youre not doing it right
shireen;Season 4;My father says a criminal is a criminal
davos;Season 4;Your father lacks an appreciation of the finer points of bad behavior So do the Braavosi
shireen;Season 4;Youve sailed to Braavos?
davos;Season 4;Of course Almost got beheaded by a First Sword of Braavos I tried to explain to him the difference between pirates and smugglers, but he didnt seem any more interested in the distinction than your father I suppose if you work for the Iron Bank of Braavos and each one of your gold barges is worth half a kingdom, you tend not to be overly concerned with the kind of distinction.
shireen;Season 4;What was that for?
davos;Season 4;I need you to write a message
shireen;Season 4;You should write it yourself Its good practice
davos;Season 4;Its too important for me I need a smart person to do it Go on
davos;Season 4;To the offices of the Iron Bank of Braavos from Stannis Baratheon the one true king of Westeros
shireen;Season 4;But thats not you
davos;Season 4;I need to get their attention Go on Write
sam;Season 4;Hes seen some adventures, hasnt he?
moles town whore;Season 4;Precious little thing
gilly;Season 4;Thank you
moles town whore;Season 4;Whats his name?
gilly;Season 4;Sam
moles town whore;Season 4;Lovely That the daddy?
gilly;Season 4;No
moles town whore;Season 4;Wheres the daddy?
gilly;Season 4;Hes dead
moles town whore;Season 4;Oh Where you from?
gilly;Season 4;North of here
moles town whore;Season 4;North of here? You a fucking wildling?
moles town madam;Season 4;Only room and board?
sam;Season 4;Thats right Shell clean and cook and look after the other girls babies
moles town madam;Season 4;Could find other work for her, too
sam;Season 4;No other work
moles town madam;Season 4;Thered be money Give you a piece of it
sam;Season 4;No other work
sam;Season 4;I promise to come back and visit whenever I can Youll be safer here Whos gonna protect you at Castle Black? Me?
gilly;Season 4;You protected me north of the Wall
sam;Season 4;This is different Theyre brothers of the Nights Watch and I cant just stab them in the back and I cant run away, which is what we did at Crasters
sam;Season 4;You have to trust me Its for the best
gilly;Season 4;Best for you
sam;Season 4;Oh, Gilly Please dont
oberyn;Season 4;Greedy
ellaria;Season 4;No?
olyvar;Season 4;Im sorry Youre lovely, I just never acquired the taste
oberyn;Season 4;Youre calling my beauty an acquired taste?
ellaria;Season 4;Thats quite all right, lover Its more for you
oberyn;Season 4;Your loss
olyvar;Season 4;You like them both the same? Boys and girls?
oberyn;Season 4;Does that surprise you?
olyvar;Season 4;Everyone has a preference
oberyn;Season 4;Then everyone is missing half the worlds pleasure The gods made that and it delights me The gods made this and it delights me When it comes to war, I fight for Dorne When it comes to love, I dont choose sides
olyvar;Season 4;I hope I have as much stamina when Im your age
oberyn;Season 4;What are you, 25?
ellaria;Season 4;Children
oberyn;Season 4;Someday, if youre lucky, you will wake up and realize you are old That pretty ass of yours will sag Your belly will grow soft and your back will ache in the night and gray hairs will sprout from your ears No one will want you anymore Make sure you fucked your fill before that day
olyvar;Season 4;Did you?
ellaria;Season 4;He is a prince of Dorne Girls and boys will line up to fuck him till the day he dies
oberyn;Season 4;They will all have to line up behind you
tywin;Season 4;Prince Oberyn
oberyn;Season 4;Lord Tywin
tywin;Season 4;May we have the room?
ellaria;Season 4;Call my name if you need me, lover
oberyn;Season 4;Would you like to sit?
tywin;Season 4;No, thank you
oberyn;Season 4;Some wine?
tywin;Season 4;No, thank you
oberyn;Season 4;Im sorry about your grandson
tywin;Season 4;Are you?
oberyn;Season 4;I dont believe that a child is responsible for the sins of his father Or his grandfather An awful way to die
tywin;Season 4;Which way is that?
oberyn;Season 4;Are you interrogating me, Lord Tywin?
tywin;Season 4;Some believe the king choked
oberyn;Season 4;Some believe the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant The king was poisoned
tywin;Season 4;I hear you studied poisons at the Citadel
oberyn;Season 4;I did This is why I know
tywin;Season 4;Your hatred for my family is rather well known You arrive at the capital, an expert in poisoning, some days later my grandson dies of poisoning
oberyn;Season 4;Rather suspicious Why havent you thrown me in a dungeon?
tywin;Season 4;You spoke with Tyrion in this very brothel on the day that you arrived What did you discuss?
oberyn;Season 4;You think we conspired together?
tywin;Season 4;What did you discuss?
oberyn;Season 4;The death of my sister
tywin;Season 4;For which you blame me
oberyn;Season 4;She was raped and murdered by the Mountain The Mountain follows your orders Of course I blame you
tywin;Season 4;Here I stand unarmed, unguarded Should I be concerned?
oberyn;Season 4;You are unarmed and unguarded because you know me better than that I am a man of reason If I cut your throat today, I will be drawn and quartered tomorrow
tywin;Season 4;Men at war commit all kinds of crimes without their superiors knowledge
oberyn;Season 4;So you deny involvement in Elias murder?
tywin;Season 4;Categorically
oberyn;Season 4;I would like to speak with the Mountain
tywin;Season 4;Im sure he would enjoy speaking with you
oberyn;Season 4;He might not enjoy it as much as he thinks he would
tywin;Season 4;I could arrange for this meeting
oberyn;Season 4;But you want something in return
tywin;Season 4;There will be a trial for my son And as custom dictates, three judges will render a verdict I will preside Mace Tyrell will serve as the second judge I would like you to be the third
oberyn;Season 4;Why?
tywin;Season 4;Not long ago, the Tyrells sided with Renly Baratheon Declared themselves enemies of the throne Now they are our strongest allies
oberyn;Season 4;Well, you made the Tyrell girl a queen Asking me to judge at your sons trial isnt quite as tempting
tywin;Season 4;I will also invite you to sit on the small council to serve as one of the new kings principal advisors
oberyn;Season 4;I never realized you had such respect for Dorne, Lord Tywin
tywin;Season 4;We are not the Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold The king is dead The Greyjoys are in open rebellion A wildling army marches on the Wall And in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons
oberyn;Season 4;Youre saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit
tywin;Season 4;We need each other You help me serve justice to the kings assassins and I will help you serve justice to Elias
tyrion;Season 4;Podrick Apologies for the stench
podrick;Season 4;I brought you some wine, my lord, but they took it from me
tyrion;Season 4;A noble effort
podrick;Season 4;They didnt find the candles, though A quill, some parchment, duck sausage, almonds, and some hard cheese
tyrion;Season 4;Youre a good lad Any word of Shae?
podrick;Season 4;Ive heard nothing, my lord
tyrion;Season 4;I suppose thats a good thing What are they saying about me out there?
podrick;Season 4;Youre to stand trial in a fortnight for murdering the king
tyrion;Season 4;Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?
podrick;Season 4;No, my lord You didnt?
tyrion;Season 4;No Gods, no The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it I would like to think if I were arranging a royal assassination, Id plan it in such a way that I wouldnt be standing there gawking like a fool when the king died Trial in a fortnight Have they announced the judges yet?
podrick;Season 4;Your father
tyrion;Season 4;Of course
podrick;Season 4;Mace Tyrell
tyrion;Season 4;Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote
podrick;Season 4;And Prince Oberyn of Dorne
tyrion;Season 4;Oberyn? Give it to my father He never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy
podrick;Season 4;Im supposed to get a list of names from you, my lord Anyone who might testify on your behalf
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, I can call my own witnesses? How generous of them Very well, my wife Sansa
podrick;Season 4;My lord, shes gone
tyrion;Season 4;Gone?
podrick;Season 4;No ones seen her since the wedding You dont think she.
tyrion;Season 4;No one had more cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl is no assassin Whoever killed the king wanted me to lose my head for it And with my wifes disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty Podrick
podrick;Season 4;Yes, my lord?
tyrion;Season 4;Theyll be following you now
podrick;Season 4;Who will?
tyrion;Season 4;I dont know They They The ominous they The man pulling the strings Or woman My father Maybe Joffrey was too much work for him Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume its my sister that had a hand in it But say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children She is the only one Im certain had nothing to do with this murder Which makes it unique as Kings Landing murders go
podrick;Season 4;Any other witnesses, my lord?
tyrion;Season 4;Varys could vouch for me if he dared
podrick;Season 4;Hes already been called as a witness for the queen
tyrion;Season 4;Of course Fetch Bronn I have a job for him
podrick;Season 4;Ive already asked, my lord They wont let him see you
tyrion;Season 4;Why not?
podrick;Season 4;They say hes a known cutthroat and your close associate Hes under investigation himself
tyrion;Season 4;And my brother? Will they at least allow me to see Jaime?
podrick;Season 4;Ill ask, my lord
podrick;Season 4;Theres something else, my lord A man, I didnt know his face, he came to ask if Id testify against you Said Id be named Ser Podrick Payne if I told the judges youd bought a poison called the Strangler
tyrion;Season 4;Ser Podrick Payne? Has a nice ring to it What did you tell him?
podrick;Season 4;I didnt tell them anything, my lord
tyrion;Season 4;Are you going to accept their offer?
podrick;Season 4;My lord
tyrion;Season 4;Testifying against me wasnt a suggestion If they cant tempt you with honey, theyll choose something less sweet
podrick;Season 4;Youve been good to me, my lord
tyrion;Season 4;Pod, the trials in a fortnight Theyll want an answer before that
podrick;Season 4;I already gave them an answer, my lord
tyrion;Season 4;I will not have you dying on my behalf Do you hear me? If I have to take that long walk to the executioners block, I dont want to see your head already mounted
podrick;Season 4;My lord
tyrion;Season 4;Pod, I am giving you an order Go and find my brother Tell him I need him And get yourself out of Kings Landing before its too late Pod! This is farewell
podrick;Season 4;Farewell, my lord
tyrion;Season 4;Pod There has never lived a more loyal squire
olly;Season 4;Mother says its time to eat
guymon;Season 4;Whats she got boiling? Wait Wait Let me guess
olly;Season 4;Potatoes
guymon;Season 4;Potatoes Well, no one boils a potato better than your mom Has she got.
man;Season 4;The wildlings
ollys mother;Season 4;Guymon! Hide Hide
styr;Season 4;You know how to get to Castle Black?
olly;Season 4;Yes Yes
styr;Season 4;Those your parents? Open your eyes Im going to eat them Do you hear me? Im going to eat your dead mama and Im going to eat your dead papa Go tell the crows at Castle Black
yarwyck;Season 4;We need to teach them a lesson about the way we deal with their kind
men;Season 4;Aye! Aye
yarwyck;Season 4;Three dozen bodies with slit throats tossed off the top of the Wall Seems like that would be a good lesson
men;Season 4;Aye
alliser thorne;Season 4;If we go after them, well be giving them what they want They want to draw us out, pick us off a few at a time
maester aemon;Season 4;We have just over 100 men And thats including stewards and builders And me We cant afford to lose a single man We must remember our first responsibility We are the watchers on the Wall
pyp;Season 4;Theres got to be a way to protect them
alliser thorne;Season 4;Youre a champion of the common people, Lord Snow What do you say to Brother Pyps proposition?
jon;Season 4;Mance Rayder is coming If the wildlings breach the Wall, theyll roll over everything and everyone for 1,000 Miles before they reach an army that can stop them
alliser thorne;Season 4;We need to shore up Castle Black and we need to defend the Wall That is our job
pyp;Season 4;Rangers returning
jon;Season 4;Help him
dolorous edd;Season 4;Thought youd have blue eyes by now
alliser thorn;Season 4;What took you so long?
grenn;Season 4;We were held up
alliser thorn;Season 4;By what?
grenn;Season 4;Chains
dolorous edd;Season 4;We were guests of the mutineers at Crasters Keep
jon;Season 4;And the mutineers stayed?
dolorous edd;Season 4;Theyre not going anywhere Theyve got Crasters food and his wives Poor girls Never thought theyd miss their daddy Karls running things now Hes the one who put a knife through Crasters mouth
jon;Season 4;We need to ride north and kill them all
alliser thorn;Season 4;We just went over this, boy -Justice can wait
jon;Season 4;Its not about justice I told the wildlings we had over 1,000 men at Castle Black alone Karl and the others know the truth as well as we do How long do you think theyll keep that information to themselves when the wildlings are peeling their fingernails off? Mance has all he needs to crush us, he just doesnt know it yet As soon as he gets his hands on them, he will Then hell throw his full strength at us And even if every one of us kills 100 wildlings, theres still not a thing we can do to stop them
pyp;Season 4;I dont think I can kill 100 wildlings
daenerys;Season 4;Are they attacking?
jorah;Season 4;A single rider A champion of Meereen They want you to send your own champion against him
daenerys;Season 4;What is he doing?
barristan selmy;Season 4;I believe he means to.
missandei;Season 4;He says that were an army of men without man parts He claims you are no woman at all, but a man who hides his cock in his own asshole
barristan selmy;Season 4;Ignore him, Your Grace These are meaningless words
jorah;Season 4;Theyre not meaningless if half the city you intend to take is listening to them
daenerys;Season 4;I have something to say to the people of Meereen First, I will need this one to be quiet Do I have a champion?
grey worm;Season 4;Allow me this honor, mother of dragons I will not disappoint you
daenerys;Season 4;You are the commander of the Unsullied I cannot risk you
barristan selmy;Season 4;Your Grace, Ive won more single combats than any man alive
daenerys;Season 4;Which is why you must remain by my side
jorah;Season 4;Ive been by your side longer than any of them, Khaleesi Let me stand for you today as well
daenerys;Season 4;You are my most trusted advisor, my most valued general, and my dearest friend I will not gamble with your life
daario;Season 4;I was the last to join your army Im not your general or a member of your Queensguard or the commander of your Unsullied My mother was a whore I come from nothing And before long, I will return to nothing Let me kill this man for you
daenerys;Season 4;Very well You have quite an audience Make it worth their while
missandei;Season 4;He is very brave, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 4;Yes, win or lose, as long as the whole city is watching
daenerys;Season 4;You sure you dont want a horse?
daario;Season 4;Why would I want a horse?
daenerys;Season 4;Horses are faster than men
daario;Season 4;Horses are dumber than men
daenerys;Season 4;I am Daenerys Stormborn
daenerys;Season 4;Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing It does not matter I have nothing to say to them Only to you First I went to Astapor Those who were slaves in Astapor now stand behind me, free Next I went to Yunkai Those who were slaves in Yunkai now stand behind me, free Now I have come to Meereen I am not your enemy Your enemy is beside you
daenerys;Season 4;Your enemy steals and murders your children Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering and commands I do not bring commands I bring you a choice And I bring your enemies what they deserve Forward
daenerys;Season 4;Fire
grey worm;Season 4;My name is Grey Worm I come from the Summer Ills
missandei;Season 4;Isles Summer Isles
grey worm;Season 4;Summer Isles
missandei;Season 4;I am from an island called Naath
grey worm;Season 4;When they took you?
missandei;Season 4;When did they take me? I was five years old
grey worm;Season 4;You remember your home?
missandei;Season 4;I remember when they rowed us away from shore How white the beaches were How tall the trees And I remember my village burning Smoke rising into the sky Do you remember your home?
grey worm;Season 4;Unsullied Always Unsullied Before Unsullied, nothing
missandei;Season 4;Thats not true Perhaps one day you will return to the Summer Isles
grey worm;Season 4;I dont want return
missandei;Season 4;Kill the masters
grey worm;Season 4;Kill the masters
daenerys;Season 4;How are the lessons coming?
missandei;Season 4;Very well, Your Grace
grey worm;Season 4;Missandei is teacher good, my queen
daenerys;Season 4;Youll have to continue later Its time
mossador;Season 4;You heard her! She said she came to free us
elder meereen slave;Season 4;You are a fool The masters are too strong
mossador;Season 4;She will protect us She defeated the masters champion
mossador;Season 4;She has a great army You want to live the rest of your days in chains?
meereen slave;Season 4;I want to live You saw what they did to those children What do you think theyll do to us?
elder meereen slave;Season 4;Ive been through two slave revolts, boy They always end the same way the Masters in power and the slaves dead
grey worm;Season 4;All men must die
grey worm;Season 4;But I promise you, a single day of freedom is worth more than a lifetime in chains
elder meereen slave;Season 4;Who are you?
grey worm;Season 4;This one is called Grey Worm I was taken as a baby by the Masters of Astapor, raised and trained as Unsullied Now I fight for Daenerys, the Mother of Dragons and Breaker of Chains
elder meereen slave;Season 4;You are Unsullied? They taught you how to fight before you could walk We are not soldiers
meereen slave;Season 4;We have no training, weapons
grey worm;Season 4;There are three slaves in this city for every Master No one can give you your freedom, brothers If you want it, you must take it
slaves;Season 4;Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa
slaves;Season 4;Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa
slaves;Season 4;Mhysa! Mhysa
daenerys;Season 4;Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts?
jorah;Season 4;163, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 4;Yes, that was it
barristan selmy;Season 4;Your Grace, may I have a word? The city is yours All these people,theyre your subjects now Sometimes it is better to answer injustice with mercy
daenerys;Season 4;I will answer injustice with justice
jaime;Season 4;What the hell was that?
bronn;Season 4;That was me knocking your ass to the dirt with your own hand
jaime;Season 4;Youre a rare talent When youre fighting cripples, anyway
bronn;Season 4;You learned to fight like a good little boy Ill bet that thrust through the MadKings back was pretty as a picture You want to fight pretty or you want to win?
jaime;Season 4;You talk to my brother this way?
bronn;Season 4;All the time He got used to it
jaime;Season 4;Do you think he did it?
bronn;Season 4;No Oh, he hated the little twat, sure But who didnt? And poisons not his style Or murder, for that matter You want to know for sure, why dont you ask him?
bronn;Season 4;You havent been to see him yet, eh?
jaime;Season 4;Were done for today
bronn;Season 4;Your brother ever tell you how I came into his service?
jaime;Season 4;You stood for him in his trial by combat at the Eyrie
bronn;Season 4;Aye But only when Lady Arryn demanded the trial take place that day You were his first choice He named you for his champion because he knew you would ride day and night to come fight for him You gonna fight for him now?
jaime;Season 4;To tell you the truth, this isnt so bad Four walls A pot to piss in I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months
tyrion;Season 4;Is that supposed to make me feel better?
jaime;Season 4;Maybe a bit Im sorry I didnt come sooner
tyrion;Season 4;Its complicated, yes So how is our sister?
jaime;Season 4;How do you think? Her son died in her arms
tyrion;Season 4;Her son?
jaime;Season 4;Dont You know whats coming?
tyrion;Season 4;My trial for regicide.Yes, I know I know the whole bloody country thinks Im guilty I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count And that judge is my father As for Cersei, well, shes probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed
jaime;Season 4;Now that you mention it, she did ask
tyrion;Season 4;So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
jaime;Season 4;Depends Did you do it?
tyrion;Season 4;ingslayer brothers You like it? I like it Youre really asking if I killed your son?
jaime;Season 4;Are you really asking if Id kill my brother? How can I help you?
tyrion;Season 4;Well, you could set me free
jaime;Season 4;You know I cant
tyrion;Season 4;Then theres really nothing else to say
jaime;Season 4;What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? Im the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard
tyrion;Season 4;Sorry, Id forgotten Id hate for you to do something inappropriate
jaime;Season 4;Inappropriate? Youre accused of killing the king.Freeing you is treason
tyrion;Season 4;Except I didnt do it
jaime;Season 4;Which is why were having a trial A trial If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldnt matter to Cersei She wont rest until my heads on a spike
jaime;Season 4;Not just yours Shes offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark
tyrion;Season 4;Sansa couldnt have done this She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms Do you think its a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
tyrion;Season 4;No, but Sansas not a killer Not yet, anyway
sansa;Season 4;Where are you taking me?
littlefinger;Season 4;Im getting married to your Aunt Lysa Shes waiting for us at the Eyrie Youll be safe there
sansa;Season 4;Did you kill Joffrey?
littlefinger;Season 4;Did I kill Joffrey? Ive been in the Vale for weeks
sansa;Season 4;I know it was you
littlefinger;Season 4;And who helped me with this conspiracy?
sansa;Season 4;Well, there was Ser Dontos You used him to get me out of Kings Landing, but you would never trust him to kill the king
littlefinger;Season 4;Why not?
sansa;Season 4;Because youre too smart to trust a drunk
littlefinger;Season 4;Then perhaps it was your husband
sansa;Season 4;No
littlefinger;Season 4;How do you know?
sansa;Season 4;I just do
littlefinger;Season 4;Youre right He wasnt involvedi n Joffreys death But you were Do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you? I dont suppose you noticed that a stone was missing after the feast
sansa;Season 4;The poison I dont understand The Lannisters gave you wealth, power Joffrey made you the Lord of Harrenhal
littlefinger;Season 4;A man with no motive is a man no one suspects Always keep your foes confused If they dont know who you are or what you want, they cant know what you plan to do next
sansa;Season 4;I dont believe you If they catch you, theyll put your head on a spike just like my fathers Youd risk that just to confuse them?
littlefinger;Season 4;So many men they risk so little They spend their lives avoiding danger And then they die Id risk everything to get what I want
sansa;Season 4;And what do you want?
littlefinger;Season 4;Everything My friendship with the Lannisters was productive But Joffrey, a vicious boy with a crown on his head, is not a reliable ally And who could trust a friend like that?
sansa;Season 4;Who could trust you?
littlefinger;Season 4;I dont want friends like me My new friends are predictable Very reasonable people As for what happened to Joffrey, well, that was something my new friends wanted very badly Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong
margaery;Season 4;I cant believe youre going Leaving me alone here with these people
olenna;Season 4;The time has come, my dear Theres nothing more tedious than a trial Except perhaps these gardens If I have to take one more leisurely stroll through these gardens, Ill fling myself from the cliffs
olenna;Season 4;Have you been to see Tommen yet?
margaery;Season 4;No Have they even agreed to the match? No one tells me anything
olenna;Season 4;I wasnt originally meant to marry your grandfather Luthor, you know He was engaged to my sister, your great-aunt Viola I was to be given to some Targaryen or other Marrying a Targaryen was all the rage back then But the momentI saw my intended, with his twitchy little ferrets face and ludicrous silver hair, I knew he wouldnt do So the evening before Luthor was to propose to my sister, I got lost on my way back from my embroidery lesson and happened upon his chamber
olenna;Season 4;How absentminded of me
margaery;Season 4;Mm-hmm
olenna;Season 4;The following morning, Luthor never made it down the stairs to propose to my sister cause the boy couldnt bloody walk
olenna;Season 4;And once he could, the only thing he wanted was what Id given him the night before I was good I was very, very good You are even better But you need to act quickly Cersei may be vicious, but shes not stupid Shell turn the boy against you as soon as she can And by the time youre married, itll be too late Luckily for you ,the Queen Regent is rather distracted at the moment, mourning her dear departed boy Accusing her brother of his murder, which he didnt commit
margaery;Season 4;Well, he could have done
olenna;Season 4;He could have done,but he didnt
margaery;Season 4;You dont know, Grandmother
olenna;Season 4;But I do know You dont think Id let you marry that beast, do you?
margaery;Season 4;What? I dont understand
olenna;Season 4;Shh Dont you worry yourself about all that You just do what needs to be done
jon;Season 4;Bring it through! And again
jon;Season 4;Very nice Good
jon;Season 4;A lot of wildlings fight with a weapon in each hand First thing you want to do is disarm them to try and even the odds
jon;Season 4;Lets see what you can do
jon;Season 4;Olly, you just watch for now
olly;Season 4;I can fight
jon;Season 4;Have you ever held a sword before I was the best archer in our hamlet
olly;Season 4;I was
grenn;Season 4;I believe you Well go hunting for rabbits one day Right now, watch and learn
jon;Season 4;You two Take it slow, try and disarm each other
jon;Season 4;You know how to fight You could have gone easier on him
locke;Season 4;He wouldnt have learned anything that way
alliser thorne;Season 4;Lord Snow What do you think youre doing?
jon;Season 4;Grenn and I were helping them
alliser thorn;Season 4;Grenns a ranger.Youre a steward Maybe you forgot that while you were off with your wildling bitch, but I didnt
jon;Season 4;Someone has to train them
alliser thorne;Season 4;And that someone isnt you Go find a chamber pot to empty Go on Do it You traitors bastard Give me an excuse Mormonts not hereto protect you now
alliser thorne;Season 4;Get back to work Now! I said now
janos slynt;Season 4;The bastards well-liked.Youre not
alliser thorne;Season 4;You think I care if they like me? Were at war
janos slynt;Season 4;For now But you cant be acting commander forever There will be a choosing The old maester will insist on it You might reconsider his request to marchon Crasters Let the mutineer stake care of Snow Or you might be taking orders from him the rest of your life
locke;Season 4;A bastard, eh? Took you for highborn
jon;Season 4;My father was highborn My mother wasnt
locke;Season 4;Names Locke
jon;Season 4;Jon Snow
jon;Season 4;You fight well
locke;Season 4;What brought you up here? A sense of duty I wanted to do my part for the safety of the realm I was a game warden in the Stormlands Fed a prized partridge to my hungry kids I was stupid enough to get caught Chose the Wall over losing my hand Figured I wouldnt have to suck up to any highborn cunts here
alliser thorne;Season 4;Come on, get on with it What are you waiting for? Summer?
locke;Season 4;Guess I was wrong
jaime;Season 4;You sent for me, Your Grace?
cersei;Season 4;Your Grace How formal of you How many Kingsguards are posted outside Tommens door?
jaime;Season 4;Ser Boros is on duty tonight Tomorrow I believe.
cersei;Season 4;So one? You have one man guarding the future king?
jaime;Season 4;I promise you Tommens safe Were protecting him
cersei;Season 4;The way you protected Joffrey? Why did Catelyn Stark set you free?
jaime;Season 4;What?
cersei;Season 4;Ive been wondering for months Ever since that great cow brought you back to the capital Why did she set you free?
jaime;Season 4;You know why Shed hoped Id send her daughters back to her
cersei;Season 4;She hoped or did you promise?
jaime;Season 4;I swore by all the gods that if her daughters were alive, Id return them to her
cersei;Season 4;So you made a sacred vow to the enemy
jaime;Season 4;I wanted to get back to you Should I have told hert o fuck off?
cersei;Season 4;You didnt mean it, then? You have no loyalty to Catelyn Stark?
jaime;Season 4;Catelyn Starks dead So if I told you to leave the capital right now and find Sansa, if I told you to find that murderous little bitch and bring me her head, would you do it?
cersei;Season 4;I know you went to see Tyrion That creature who murdered our son
jaime;Season 4;I had to see him I had to know for myself
cersei;Season 4;And?
jaime;Season 4;He didnt do it, Cersei
cersei;Season 4;Youve always pitied him Our poor little brother Abused by the world Despised by his father and sister Hed kill us all if he could I want four men at Tommens door day and night That will be all, Lord Commander
tommen;Season 4;Ser Pounce?
tommen;Season 4;How did you get past the Kingsguard?
margaery;Season 4;Kingsguard
tommen;Season 4;I dont think youre supposed to be here Mother doesnt allow me to have visitors at night
margaery;Season 4;Im not a visitor, Your Grace Word has itIm to be your bride
margaery;Season 4;Did you know that people in arranged marriages often never meet until their wedding day? Before we decide to spend our lives together, we ought to get to know one another Dont you think?
tommen;Season 4;Yes But if my mother found out.
margaery;Season 4;It can be our secret Hmm? If were going to be man and wife, well have a few secrets from her, I hope So, Your Grace.
tommen;Season 4;Yes? Tell me a secret
margaery;Season 4;Hello Arent you a proper fellow?
tommen;Season 4;Thats Ser Pounce
margaery;Season 4;Very handsome
tommen;Season 4;Joffrey didnt like him He threatened to skin him alive and mix his innards up in my food so I wouldnt know I was eating him
margaery;Season 4;Thats very cruel You dont strike me as cruel
tommen;Season 4;No I dont think I am
margaery;Season 4;Thats a relief Because you know what happens when we marry?
tommen;Season 4;We say our vows in front of the High Septon And after the ceremony, theres a feast
margaery;Season 4;When we marry, I become yours Forever Its getting late I should go May I come and visit you again? All right, then
margaery;Season 4;Remember, our little secret
brienne;Season 4;Ser Jaime Lannister Knighted and named to the Kingsguard in his 16th year At the sack of Kings Landing, murdered his king Aerys II Pardoned by Robert Baratheon Thereafter known as the Kingslayer
jaime;Season 4;Its the duty of the Lord Commander to fill those pages And theres still room left on mine
brienne;Season 4;Valyrian steel
jaime;Season 4;Mmm Its yours
brienne;Season 4;I cant accept this
jaime;Season 4;It was reforged from Ned Starks sword Youll use it to defend Ned Starks daughter You swore an oath to return the Stark girls to their mother Lady Starks dead Aryas probably dead, too, but theres still a chance to find Sansa and get her somewhere safe Ive got something else for you
jaime;Season 4;I hope I got your measurements right
brienne;Season 4;Ill find her For Lady Catelyn And for you
jaime;Season 4;I almost forgot I have one more gift
brienne;Season 4;I dont need a squire
jaime;Season 4;Of course you do
brienne;Season 4;Hell slow me down
jaime;Season 4;My brother owes him a debt Hes not safe here Youre keeping him from harm Its chivalry
podrick;Season 4;I wont slow you down, ser my lady I promise Ill serve you well
jaime;Season 4;See? Hes a good lad.Youll get along
bronn;Season 4;Compliments of Lord Tyrion His axe from the Blackwater
bronn;Season 4;What are you waiting for, a kiss? Ready the ladys horse
jaime;Season 4;They say the best swords have names Any ideas?
brienne;Season 4;Oathkeeper
jaime;Season 4;Good-bye, Brienne
podrick;Season 4;Come on, move
sam;Season 4;I should neverhave taken her away
jon;Season 4;She wasnt safe here
sam;Season 4;Shes not safe out there I should have known You told us there were wildlings south of the Wall If theyre raiding the smaller villages, Moles Town could be next
jon;Season 4;Castle Black could be next
sam;Season 4;I should go back for Gilly
jon;Season 4;We have orders No ones to leave the castle
sam;Season 4;I remember when you disobeyed orders and rode south to help Robb
jon;Season 4;And I remember who came after me and brought me home I know how hard it is, Sam, believe me When you told me about Bran going beyond the Wall, all I could think about was getting my strength back so I could go and find him
sam;Season 4;I wish I could have convinced him to come back with me I tried Really, I did
jon;Season 4;How fast could they travel? A crippled boy being pulled on a sledge by a simpleton?
sam;Season 4;I dont know Theyd pass wildling villages They could try to find shelter at one of them
jon;Season 4;The wildlings have joined up with Mance Every village or sheltered place will be deserted Except.
sam;Season 4;Crasters? You think Bra nmight have found.
locke;Season 4;Snow I dont mean to interrupt Thorne wants to see you
alliser thorne;Season 4;Your foray to Crasters Keep, Ill sanction it But I wont order anyone to go with you Volunteers only
jon;Season 4;Thank you, Ser Alliser
jon;Season 4;Ahem, brothers
jon;Season 4;Im going beyond the Wallto Crasters Keep Im going to capture the mutineers holed up there or kill them Im asking for volunteers to come with me Theres 60 miles of wilderness between here and Crasters and Mance Rayder has an army bearing down on us, but we have to do this Our survival may depend on us getting to these mutineers before Mance does They know the Wall They know our defenses If Mance learns what they know, were lost But if thats not enough, then consider this If the Nights Watch are truly brothers, then Lord Commander Mormont was our father He lived and died for the Watch and he was betrayed by his own men Stabbed in the back by cowards He deserved far better All we can give him now is justice Who will join me?
jon;Season 4;I cant let a recruit come north of the Wall
locke;Season 4;Then let me say my vows If its a fight youre heading for, then you need men who know how
jon;Season 4;Thank you, brothers
woman;Season 4;No, dont Dont, please
woman;Season 4;Please dont Ow! Youre hurting me
tanner;Season 4;Karl Tanner from Gin Alley drinking wine from the skull of Jeor fucking Mormont
tanner;Season 4;Any command for us, Lord Commander? Whats that? Fuck em till theyre dead?
tanner;Season 4;Did you hear that, boys? Fuck em till theyre dead
tanner;Season 4;Rast
tanner;Season 4;Go outside and feed the beast
rast;Season 4;We should kill that thing
tanner;Season 4;You should shuty our fucking hole, ugly little cunt You look likea fucking ballsack Ugly Look at your stupid cunt face I could piss in any gutte rand soak five of you Know how much they paid me to kill a man in Kings Landing? Seven silvers They told me a mans name and that man never saw daylight again None of them cocksuckers got away from me
tanner;Season 4;Havent lost a fight since I was nine Maybe its time What do you think, eh?
tanner;Season 4;"Maybe youre the man Eh, cunt? RAST; I wouldnt stand a chance None of us would"
tanner;Season 4;I was a fucking legend in Gin Alley A fucking legend! I would take any knight any knight, any time Fucking cunts in steel plate Fucking cowards
women;Season 4;A gift for the gods A gift for the gods A gift for the gods
tanner;Season 4;What the fuck is that?
sissy;Season 4;Crasters last child A boy
tanner;Season 4;What am I supposed to do with him? What did Craster do with em? Kill em before they could grow up and do the same to him? All right
tanner;Season 4;Dont need another mouth to feed Hand him over
sissy;Season 4;He didnt kill them He offered them
tanner;Season 4;To who?
sissy;Season 4;To the gods The white walkers
women;Season 4;A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods
tanner;Season 4;Shut up
tanner;Season 4;So if it worked for him Lets give the walkers what they want
tanner;Season 4;Rast is headed that way
rast;Season 4;Pink-eyed fuck You thirsty?
rast;Season 4;Fuck
hodor;Season 4;Hodor
bran;Season 4;Do you hear that?
meera;Season 4;Is that a baby?
jojen;Season 4;Its coming
bran;Season 4;Im going out there
meera;Season 4;No, we need to stay together
bran;Season 4;Im going
jojen;Season 4;Bran Bran
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor Hodor
meera;Season 4;Bran, what happened?
bran;Season 4;Summer, hes hurt Theyve caught him in a trap
meera;Season 4;Who?
bran;Season 4;I didnt see, but they have my brothers wolf They have Ghost
bran;Season 4;Theyre Nights Watch Look Jon might be here
meera;Season 4;If Jon was here, why would they put his wolf in a cage?
meera;Season 4;They might have been NightsWatch once, not anymore Were not safe here.We need to go
bran;Season 4;No
meera;Season 4;Bran, we need to go now
bran;Season 4;Im not leaving without Summer
meera;Season 4;Can you remember where the cage was?
bran;Season 4;The east side of the keep
meera;Season 4;If Im not backsoon, well meet.
hodor;Season 4;Hodor
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor Hodor
hodor;Season 4;Hodor
rast;Season 4;If I was your size, Id be king of the fucking world
tanner;Season 4;Help him up
tanner;Season 4;This is nice Fine leather Youre no wildling Important Highborn Who are you?
tanner;Season 4;You see, where I come from, a commoner like me slaps a little lord like you, Id lose my right hand But were a long way from home, arent we? And the two of you, fancy-looking folks north of the Wall creeping through the woods Isnt that a bit odd?
tanner;Season 4;I like your curly hair My mom had curls like that Beautiful brown curls Whyd you drag a crippled boy all the way up here?
tanner;Season 4;See you havent played this game before A highborn hostage, thats valuable But three of them, thats a lot of mouths to feed
rast;Season 4;What the fucks wrong with him?
tanner;Season 4;Come here
meera;Season 4;No, please Please.Please, let me help him
tanner;Season 4;Who are you?
meera;Season 4;Please
tanner;Season 4;Who are you?
bran;Season 4;Im Brandon Stark! Im Brandon Stark of Winterfell
rast;Season 4;Its Jon Snows brother
meera;Season 4;Its Meera Its Meera.Im right here
tanner;Season 4;And I thought this was gonnabe another boring day
high septon;Season 4;May the Warrior grant him courage and protect him in these perilous times May the Smith grant him strength that he might bear this heavy burden And may the Crone, she that knows the fate of all men, show him the path he must walk and guide him through the dark places that lie ahead In the light of the Seven, I now proclaim Tommen of the House Baratheon First of His Name King of the Andals and the First Men and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms Long may he reign
all;Season 4;Long may he reign
high septon;Season 4;Special day
pycelle;Season 4;Your Grace
varys;Season 4;Your Grace
man;Season 4;Your Grace
man;Season 4;Your Grace
margaery;Season 4;Your Grace
cersei;Season 4;There he is
margaery;Season 4;Long may he reign
cersei;Season 4;Long may he reign
margaery;Season 4;He sits the throne like he was born to it
cersei;Season 4;Yes He wasnt, though, was he?
margaery;Season 4;No, he wasnt
cersei;Season 4;You still mourn for Joffrey?
margaery;Season 4;He was my husband My king
cersei;Season 4;He would have been your nightmare
margaery;Season 4;Your Grace, I feel.
cersei;Season 4;You knew exactly what he was I did, too You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child Doesnt matter what they do And what he did, it shocked me Do you think Im easily shocked?
margaery;Season 4;No
cersei;Season 4;The things he did shocked me Hes only a boy A good boy A decent boy He always has been Who was the last decent king, I wonder? He could be the first man who sits on that throne in 50 years to actually deserve it
margaery;Season 4;It would be some consolation, wouldnt it? For all the horror that put him there
cersei;Season 4;He will need help if hes going to rule well
margaery;Season 4;He has you
cersei;Season 4;A mother is not enough Youre still interested in being queen, I take it?
margaery;Season 4;Oh After all thats happened it sounds strange, I know, but I am I havent even given any thought to it, what comes next It would be a great honor, of course But I will have to speak to my father about it
cersei;Season 4;Yes, speak to your father Ill speak to mine
margaery;Season 4;We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon
margaery;Season 4;I wont even know what to call you Sister? Or Mother? Hmm
jorah;Season 4;King Joffrey Baratheon is dead Murdered at his own wedding
barristan;Season 4;And we have taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace
daario;Season 4;The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy
daenerys;Season 4;Who told you to take the Navy?
daario;Season 4;No one
daenerys;Season 4;So why did you do it?
daario;Season 4;I heard you liked ships
daenerys;Season 4;How many ships?
barristan;Season 4;93, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 4;How many men can they carry?
barristan;Season 4;9,300, not counting sailors
daenerys;Season 4;Would that be enough to take Kings Landing?
jorah;Season 4;The Lannisters have more
barristan;Season 4;Theyve been fighting Joffreys wars for years Theyre tired, dispersed And now their king is dead 8,000 Unsullied, 2,000 Second Sons sailing into Blackwater Bay and storming the gates without warning
jorah;Season 4;Its hard to say It could be enough But were not fighting to make you queen of Kings Landing 10,000 men cant conquer Westeros
barristan;Season 4;The old houses will flock to our queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea
jorah;Season 4;The old houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have
jorah;Season 4;Theres other news From Yunkai Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have retaken control of the city Theyve reenslaved the freedmen who stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon whos declared himself His Imperial Majesty
daenerys;Season 4;Please leave me Not you, Jorah
daenerys;Season 4;It appears my liberation of Slavers Bay isnt going quite as planned
jorah;Season 4;You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind A boy sits on the Iron Throne A boy many believe to be a bastard with no right to it Theyve never been more vulnerable
daenerys;Season 4;You counseled me against rashness once in Qarth I didnt listen That all worked out well
daenerys;Season 4;How can I rule seven kingdoms if I cant control Slavers Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?
jorah;Season 4;Youre a Targaryen Youre the Mother of Dragons
daenerys;Season 4;I need to be more than that I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains I will not sail for Westeros
jorah;Season 4;What, then?
daenerys;Season 4;I will do what queens do I will rule Outside the Aerie
littlefinger;Season 4;Pull up your hood A memorable shade
sansa;Season 4;But how would they know?
littlefinger;Season 4;You know what kind of stories poor men enjoy the most? Ones about rich girls theyll never meet
sansa;Season 4;Is this the only way into the Eyrie?
littlefinger;Season 4;The mountains are impassable If you want to get to the Eyrie, you need to go through the Bloody Gate It doesnt matter how large your army is, if you attack this gate, you do it on this road, three men abreast and get slaughtered like goats The first Lords of the Vale didnt have much, but they had these mountains and they knew how to use them And the fortress they built here has never been overcome Not once in 1,000 years Know your strengths, use them wisely, and one man can be worth 10,000
knight;Season 4;Who would pass the Bloody Gate?
littlefinger;Season 4;Lord Petyr Baelish and his niece Alayne
knight;Season 4;Stand to
knight;Season 4;Stand to
knight;Season 4;Stand to
knight;Season 4;Welcome back, Lord Baelish
robin;Season 4;Uncle Petyr
littlefinger;Season 4;My lord
littlefinger;Season 4;Oh I have brought you a gift
lysa;Season 4;Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 4;My lady
robin;Season 4;Look what Uncle Petyr brought me
lysa;Season 4;A beautiful gift for a beautiful boy
sansa;Season 4;Its a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Lady Arryn My name is Al.
lysa;Season 4;Oh, do take down that hood, child Dont you think know who you are? You think Id let my intended leave the Eyrie on urgent business without knowing what that business was? I let him go so he could bring you here to me
lysa;Season 4;My flesh and blood
sansa;Season 4;Its wonderful to meet you, Aunt Lysa
lysa;Season 4;You mustnt call me that in front of anyone else
sansa;Season 4;Of course I understand
lysa;Season 4;No one can know youre here It would put us in a very precarious position
sansa;Season 4;I would never say a thing
lysa;Season 4;The Lannisters want to destroy us Theyve been trying for years Now they know what it feels like
robin;Season 4;Mummy said they killed your mother and they chopped off your brothers head
sansa;Season 4;They did, and my fathers
robin;Season 4;They killed my father, too, with poison I wanted to make the little Lannister baby man fly, but Mother said I couldnt
sansa;Season 4;Make him fly?
robin;Season 4;Through the Moon Door
lysa;Season 4;And on top of everything else, they made you marry that filthy troll
sansa;Season 4;They did They made us both Lord Tyrion didnt want to
lysa;Season 4;I dont believe that for a moment Did he force himself on you?
sansa;Season 4;No We never.
lysa;Season 4;Good Robin, this is your cousin Sansa But youre not to call her Sansa in front of anyone but Uncle Petyr and myself Do you understand? Sansa, this is my son Robin
sansa;Season 4;Its a pleasure to meet you, Robin
lysa;Season 4;Robin, show Sansa to her chamber Take the back stairs
littlefinger;Season 4;Go Well speak soon
lysa;Season 4;What took you so long?
littlefinger;Season 4;Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive
lysa;Season 4;Shes here Weve spent more than enough time on her for one evening
lysa;Season 4;Lets get married tonight
littlefinger;Season 4;Ought we not inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?
lysa;Season 4;Theres only one Lord of the Vale The others can all hang Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me
littlefinger;Season 4;I do think that we could wait until.
lysa;Season 4;Im done waiting, Petyr We had our wedding night many years ago Or dont you remember?
littlefinger;Season 4;Like it was yesterday
lysa;Season 4;What wife would do for you the things Ive done for you? What wife would trust you the way Ive trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jons wine, my husbands wine when you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters.
littlefinger;Season 4;The deed is done Faded into nothing Only speaking of it can make it real
littlefinger;Season 4;Tonight it is, then
littlefinger;Season 4;Let me bathe and dress for the occasion Once Im presentable, Ill call on the septon immediately
lysa;Season 4;Im warning you Im going to scream when my husband makes love to me Im going to scream so loud, theyll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea
tywin;Season 4;When will the wedding take place in your mind?
cersei;Season 4;As soon as decency permits After weve allowed Tommen the appropriate time to mourn his brother and Margaery to mourn her husband
tywin;Season 4;A fortnight?
cersei;Season 4;That seems reasonable
tywin;Season 4;No jugglers, no jousting dwarves, no 77-course meals
tywin;Season 4;And your wedding to Loras?
cersei;Season 4;Shortly after Tommens
tywin;Season 4;Shortly?
cersei;Season 4;A fortnight
tywin;Season 4;I know you dont like them I didnt like your husband Used to pat me on the back a lot I didnt trust him
cersei;Season 4;We had that in common
tywin;Season 4;You dont need to make formal alliances with people you trust
cersei;Season 4;Then whom can we trust?
tywin;Season 4;Ourselves alone
tywin;Season 4;The Tyrells are our only true rivals in terms of resources and we need them on our side
cersei;Season 4;Robert wasnt particularly rich
tywin;Season 4;Robert had me funding him Wars swallow gold like a pit in the earth
cersei;Season 4;I suppose that explains why we did so well in the last one
tywin;Season 4;Do you know how much gold was mined in the Westerlands this past year?
cersei;Season 4;Havent a clue
tywin;Season 4;Go on, your best guess
cersei;Season 4;Pounds, tons, ounces?
tywin;Season 4;Doesnt matter The answer is the same
cersei;Season 4;That cant be
tywin;Season 4;Our last working mine ran dry three years ago
cersei;Season 4;Then how do we pay for anything?
tywin;Season 4;The crown owes the Iron Bank of Braavos a tremendous amount of money
cersei;Season 4;How much?
tywin;Season 4;A tremendous amount
cersei;Season 4;There must be someone at the Iron Bank you can speak to, come to some arrangement
tywin;Season 4;The Iron Bank is the Iron Bank There is no someone
cersei;Season 4;Someone does work there It is comprised of people
tywin;Season 4;And a temple is comprised of stones One stone crumbles and another takes its place And the temple holds its form for 1,000 years or more Thats what the Iron Bank is a temple We all live in its shadow and almost none of us know it You cant run from them You cant cheat them You cant sway them with excuses If you owe them money and you dont want to crumble yourself, you pay it back Vesting the Tyrells in the crown will help a great deal in this respect
cersei;Season 4;Its for the good of the family, I understand that Im not sure my brothers do
tywin;Season 4;I know youre building a strong case against Tyrion And as a mother, that is your right But as a judge, I cannot discuss the trial with you
cersei;Season 4;I respect that We dont need to discuss it
cersei;Season 4;The Lannister legacy is the only thing that matters Youve started wars to protect this family Turned your back on Jaime for refusing to contribute to its future What does Tyrion deserve for lighting that future on fire?
arya;Season 4;Joffrey Cersei Walder Frey Meryn Trant Tywin Lannister The Red Woman Beric Dondarrion Thoros of Myr Ilyn Payne The Mountain
sandor;Season 4;Would you shut up?
arya;Season 4;I cant sleep until I say the names
sandor;Season 4;The names of every fucking person in Westeros?
arya;Season 4;Only the ones Im going to kill
sandor;Season 4;Hates as good a thing as any to keep a person going Better than most We come across my brother, maybe we can both cross a name off our list
arya;Season 4;If he were here right now, what would you do?
sandor;Season 4;Id tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep Go on, get it over with, your list of doomed men
arya;Season 4;Im almost done Only one name left
sandor;Season 4;Go on
arya;Season 4;The Hound
sansa;Season 4;Thank you
lysa;Season 4;Your mother always had a sweet tooth, you know?
sansa;Season 4;Really?
lysa;Season 4;Oh, yes At suppertime, she would go straight for honey cakes, candied almonds, custard Anything sweet Eventually, your grandfather had to assign a septa to watch her at meals Cat was the firstborn daughter after all It was important that she remain desirable so Father could arrange a good match for her and she was starting to get fat
sansa;Season 4;My mother fat? She never let me have my pudding until Id finished all my proper food
lysa;Season 4;This is before she married your father and moved to the North By the time you were born, your fathers austerity had become hers Marriage changes people I didnt mean for you to stop Go on, enjoy them How do you like them?
sansa;Season 4;Theyre delicious Where did you get the lemons? You cant grow them up here
lysa;Season 4;Oh, gods, no Petyr had three crates brought all the way from Kings Landing He knew you liked lemon cakes Hes so kind He really cares for you Think where youd be without him In their clutches and tried for murder
sansa;Season 4;Yes Im very lucky
lysa;Season 4;He feels responsible for you
sansa;Season 4;Oh, I know he does Im so grateful
lysa;Season 4;Why? Why does he feel responsible for you?
sansa;Season 4;Well, Im half Tully He loved your family so much
lysa;Season 4;Loved your mother
sansa;Season 4;No
lysa;Season 4;Thats what you wanted to say
sansa;Season 4;He loves you, Aunt Lysa Hes married to you
lysa;Season 4;Your mother never loved him Never Cat always went straight for the sweetest thing The most obvious thing Your Uncle Brandon Your handsome, arrogant, cruel Uncle Brandon He almost killed Petyr in a duel And your mother loved him anyway And now Petyr is risking his life to save you, the daughter of a woman who didnt love him no more than those whores in his brothels Has he told you about them?
sansa;Season 4;No
lysa;Season 4;He hasnt told you about the vile things they do with their bodies? The vile things they let him do with their bodies?
sansa;Season 4;No, never
lysa;Season 4;Are you pregnant?
sansa;Season 4;What? No, I told you Lord Tyrion and I never.
lysa;Season 4;I wasnt asking about Tyrion What have you let Petyr do with your body?
sansa;Season 4;Aunt Lysa, no, I.
lysa;Season 4;Your young, pretty body
sansa;Season 4;Nothing Im a virgin
lysa;Season 4;Dont lie to me
sansa;Season 4;Youre hurting me
lysa;Season 4;Ill know if you lie
sansa;Season 4;Im a virgin, I swear it He loves you, Aunt Lysa All he says is that Im stupid Im a stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns and Im a terrible liar, so I should always tell the truth And I swear to you that he has never touched me Not once, not ever
lysa;Season 4;Shh Shh Shh Its all right It will all be all right Youll be a widow soon Theyll execute that dwarf for murdering the king and youll be free to marry Robin Youll be the Lady of the Vale Hmm ingsroad
brienne;Season 4;Didnt they teach you how to ride a horse?
podrick;Season 4;Yes, my lady, when I was young There wasnt much call for it with Lord Tyrion, though He preferred litters
brienne;Season 4;Perhaps you should have stayed with him Its not going to be a pleasant journey for you It could take weeks to get to the Wall, depending on the weather
podrick;Season 4;Thats a long way off
brienne;Season 4;Well, Lady Sansas brothers at Castle Black If I were her, thats where Id go Feel free to stop at any point
podrick;Season 4;Never, my lady Im your squire
brienne;Season 4;Ive made it this far in the world without a squire I dont see why I need one now
podrick;Season 4;All knights have squires, my lady
brienne;Season 4;Im not a knight And Im not a slaver, either I dont own you
podrick;Season 4;I swore an oath, my lady
brienne;Season 4;I am releasing you from that oath That means you could leave
podrick;Season 4;I know
brienne;Season 4;What do you think will happen if you leave?
podrick;Season 4;Theyll say I wasnt a very good squire
sandor;Season 4;The hell you doing?
arya;Season 4;Practicing
sandor;Season 4;What, ways to die?
arya;Season 4;No ones going to kill me
sandor;Season 4;They will if you Nance around like that Thats no way to fight
arya;Season 4;Its not fighting Its water dancing
sandor;Season 4;Dancing? Maybe you ought to put on a dress Who taught you that shite?
arya;Season 4;The greatest swordsman who ever lived Syrio Forel, the First Sword to the Sealord of Braavos
sandor;Season 4;Braavos Greasy-haired little bastard, I bet They all are
arya;Season 4;What do you know about anything?
sandor;Season 4;I bet his hair is greasier than Joffreys cunt
arya;Season 4;It was not
sandor;Season 4;Was? He dead?
arya;Season 4;Yes
sandor;Season 4;How?
arya;Season 4;He was killed
sandor;Season 4;Who by?
arya;Season 4;Meryn Trant Thats why
sandor;Season 4;Meryn Trant? The greatest swordsman who ever lived killed by Meryn fucking Trant?
arya;Season 4;He was outnumbered
sandor;Season 4;Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants
arya;Season 4;Syrio didnt have a sword Or armor Just a stick
sandor;Season 4;The greatest swordsman who ever lived didnt have a sword? All right You have a sword Lets see what he taught you Go on, do it for your Braavosi friend Dead like all the rest of your friends
sandor;Season 4;Your friends dead and Meryn Trants not cause Trant had armor and a big fucking sword
oberyn;Season 4;Your Grace
cersei;Season 4;Prince Oberyn Writing letters?
oberyn;Season 4;A poem, actually
cersei;Season 4;May I show you the gardens?
oberyn;Season 4;I couldnt very well refuse a royal escort
cersei;Season 4;No, you couldnt
cersei;Season 4;I didnt realize you were a poet
oberyn;Season 4;Not a very good one
cersei;Season 4;For your paramour?
oberyn;Season 4;For one of my daughters
cersei;Season 4;You have several, dont you?
oberyn;Season 4;Eight
cersei;Season 4;Eight? Eight daughters?
oberyn;Season 4;The fifth is difficult I named her after my sister Elia
cersei;Season 4;Beautiful name
oberyn;Season 4;Yes But I cant say it without turning sad And after I turn sad, I grow angry
cersei;Season 4;Perhaps thats why shes difficult The gods love their stupid jokes, dont they?
oberyn;Season 4;Which joke is that?
cersei;Season 4;Youre a prince of Dorne A legendary fighter A brilliant man feared throughout Westeros But you could not save your sister Im a Lannister Queen for 19 years Daughter of the most powerful man alive But I could not save my son What good is power if you cannot protect the ones you love?
oberyn;Season 4;We can avenge them
cersei;Season 4;Yes, we can avenge them
oberyn;Season 4;You really believe Tyrion murdered your son?
cersei;Season 4;I know he did
oberyn;Season 4;We will have a trial and we will learn the truth
cersei;Season 4;Well have a trial, anyway I havent seen my daughter in over a year
oberyn;Season 4;The last time I saw her, she was swimming with two of my girls in the Water Gardens Laughing in the sun
cersei;Season 4;I want to believe that I want to believe shes happy
oberyn;Season 4;You have my word We dont hurt little girls in Dorne
cersei;Season 4;Everywhere in the world, they hurt little girls Would you bring her a gift for me? I wasnt there for her name day I dont know when Ill see her again
oberyn;Season 4;Anything at all
cersei;Season 4;The best shipwrights in Kings Landing have been working on it for months Myrcella loves the open water
oberyn;Season 4;I will have it sailed down to Sunspear for her
cersei;Season 4;Please tell her her mother misses her very much ingsroad
day podrick;Season 4;Oh, no, no, no
podrick;Season 4;No, no, no, no
podrick;Season 4;Hells Gods
brienne;Season 4;Did you remove the skin?
podrick;Season 4;No, my lady
brienne;Season 4;Have you ever cooked a rabbit before?
podrick;Season 4;No, my lady
brienne;Season 4;Did you ever cook anything for Lord Tyrion?
podrick;Season 4;No, my lady That was the cooks
brienne;Season 4;What are you doing?
podrick;Season 4;Im helping you with your armor
brienne;Season 4;Ive been removing my own armor for quite some time, thank you very much
brienne;Season 4;What exactly did you do for Lord Tyrion?
podrick;Season 4;I brought him his meals and cleared his table when he was finished I kept his clothing and linens clean Carried his messages and returned the replies Mostly I poured wine
brienne;Season 4;Oh Whilst in Lord Tyrions service, did you ever do anything remotely related to combat?
podrick;Season 4;I killed a man
brienne;Season 4;Who?
podrick;Season 4;A Kingsguard He tried to kill Lord Tyrion at the Blackwater
brienne;Season 4;How did you kill a Kingsguard?
podrick;Season 4;I pushed a spear through the back of his head
brienne;Season 4;Bloody ridiculous Help me with these straps
rast;Season 4;Hey Hey, get up Get up They pass by LOCKE A company of men emerges from the keep
man;Season 4;Thats it lad, put it inside Get the fire going again Were all freezing
man;Season 4;Aye What we need is a girl there
man;Season 4;Ive got to have a piss
man;Season 4;Now keep quiet
meera;Season 4;You need water
jojen;Season 4;It doesnt matter
meera;Season 4;Of course it matters
jojen;Season 4;You mustnt let anything stop you
bran;Season 4;They already have stopped me
jojen;Season 4;No Youre not here Youre far from here
meera;Season 4;What does that mean?
jojen;Season 4;At the hill A great weirwood tree
bran;Season 4;Youve seen it, too
jojen;Season 4;Meera and I, even Hodor, were only here to guide you Hes waiting for you We have to find it You have to make it
bran;Season 4;We will
jojen;Season 4;This this isnt the end Not for you Not yet
meera;Season 4;How will we know the end?
jojen;Season 4;Youll know
locke;Season 4;Brothers
dolorous edd;Season 4;You do move quiet
jon;Season 4;How many?
locke;Season 4;11 men Most of them already drunk No guards posted They dont seem to have a care in the world Well carve them up like walnut pie
grenn;Season 4;Karl was a top paid cutthroat in Flea Bottom Ive seen what he can do with a knife
locke;Season 4;Have you seen what I can do with a knife?
grenn;Season 4;Not yet
locke;Season 4;Theres a hut on the West Side of the keep We should steer clear of it
jon;Season 4;Why?
locke;Season 4;Theyve got some hounds chained up inside Closer we can get without the dogs sniffing us, the better
grenn;Season 4;New moon tonight
jon;Season 4;Get some rest We move at sundown
karl;Season 4;Ive always liked a girl with curls A touch of class You take whatevers left
tanner;Season 4;Get her up
bran;Season 4;Stop
jojen;Season 4;Stop What are you doing?
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor Hodor
bran;Season 4;Stop Stop
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor
bran;Season 4;Stop! Please
hodor;Season 4;Hodor
bran;Season 4;Please, get off her
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor
bran;Season 4;Please! Please, leave her alone
bran;Season 4;Please, stop Stop
bran;Season 4;What are you doing? Leave her alone
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor
bran;Season 4;No
karl;Season 4;Shh Shh, shh, shh
karl;Season 4;Shh
karl;Season 4;Youve got pretty hair, dont you? Now what is a pretty little highborn girl like you doing out here in the deep, dark woods, eh? You left your daddys castle looking for trouble, didnt you? No dresses for you You like it rough, dont you? You like it in the gutter, dont you?
jojen;Season 4;If you let my sister go, I can help you
karl;Season 4;You can help me?
jojen;Season 4;I can
karl;Season 4;And how you gonna do that?
jojen;Season 4;I have the sight I can see things
karl;Season 4;Thats very helpful
jojen;Season 4;Things that havent happened yet
karl;Season 4;What a fine thing A fine thing
karl;Season 4;Have you seen what Im gonna do to your sister? Have you seen what theyre going to do to your sister?
jojen;Season 4;No
karl;Season 4;Dont close your eyes
jojen;Season 4;I saw you die tonight I saw your body burn I saw the snow fall and bury your bones
man;Season 4;To arms
rast;Season 4;Theyre here, the Nights Watch
locke;Season 4;Rescue party is here, lads Lady
bran;Season 4;Is Jon with you?
locke;Season 4;Aye Ill take you to him
locke;Season 4;Youre Brandon Stark?
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor
locke;Season 4;The little crippled lord Were going for a ride, boy
bron;Season 4;Jon! Jon
locke;Season 4;Keep talking and Ill cut your friends throats Starting with the idiot Do you hear? Do you hear?
hodor;Season 4;Hodor! Hodor! Hodor Hodor
hodor;Season 4;Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor
bran;Season 4;Hodor Hodor, get his knife Cut me loose
bran;Season 4;Hodor, get his knife Hodor Cut me loose, Hodor
bran;Season 4;Jojen and Meera, free them Go
bran;Season 4;Jon
bran;Season 4;Jon
jojen;Season 4;If he sees you, he wont let you go north
bran;Season 4;Hes my brother
jojen;Season 4;And wants to protect you Hell take you back to Castle Black
jojen;Season 4;You have to decide Do you want to find the three-eyed raven?
bran;Season 4;Hodor
hodor;Season 4;Hodor
bran;Season 4;We need to free Summer And we need to go
karl tanner;Season 4;Lord Snow Are you bringing me back for trial?
karl tanner;Season 4;We had a good thing here We were free men Youll never be free Youll never know what thats like
karl tanner;Season 4;You learn how to fight in a castle?
karl tanner;Season 4;Some old man teach you how to stand, how to parry?
karl tanner;Season 4;How to fight with honor?
karl tanner;Season 4;You know whats wrong with honor?
karl tanner;Season 4;You
jon;Season 4;Are you all right? Come with me Come on
jon;Season 4;We lost four brothers?
doloroud edd;Season 4;Five
grenn;Season 4;What the seven hells could do that to a man?
jon;Season 4;I count 10 dead mutineers
grenn;Season 4;Locke said there were 11 of them
dolrous edd;Season 4;Wheres Rast?
man;Season 4;Heres another
grenn;Season 4;Jon
jon;Season 4;Where in seven hells? Come here
jon;Season 4;I missed you, boy
dolorous edd;Season 4;What should we do with this lot?
jon;Season 4;Its not safe for you here on your own Mance Rayder has an army heading this way and theres worse out there than Mance Come with us to Castle Black We can find you work Keep you safe
morag;Season 4;Meaning all respect, Ser Crow, Craster beat us and worse Your brother crows beat us and worse Well find our own way
jon;Season 4;You want to stay here in Crasters Keep?
morag;Season 4;Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it
davos;Season 4;Your Grace, if youd like to sit, Im sure that-
stannis;Season 4;Weve been here since midday
davos;Season 4;Easterners have a difference sense of time, Ive often found Once I was waiting for Salladhor Saan here in Braavos Together, we were going to run three shiploads of the finest-
tycho;Season 4;Welcome to the Iron Bank Please, sit
tycho;Season 4;What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?
davos;Season 4;This is Stannis of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm
tycho;Season 4;The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm
stannis;Season 4;He shares no blood with me He is a bastard born of incest As was his brother before him
tycho;Season 4;Yes, we have heard this story
stannis;Season 4;Its not a story Its the truth
tycho;Season 4;The kings grandfather tells a different story A story about a jealous uncle whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful king cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly in blood and gold
stannis;Season 4;Gold you loaned him
tycho;Season 4;And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?
stannis;Season 4;More than any man living
tycho;Season 4;Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like usurper and madman and blood right Here, our books are filled with numbers We prefer the stories they tell More plain Less open to interpretation How many fighting men remain loyal to you?
stannis;Season 4;4
tycho;Season 4;And how many ships do you have? The ones still afloat, Ser Davos, not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay
davos;Season 4;32
tycho;Season 4;And how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your 4,000 men on your 32 ships?
stannis;Season 4;None
tycho;Season 4;You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending from our perspective Im afraid we must respectfully decline your request But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit
davos;Season 4;My lord
tycho;Season 4;Im not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth You would not be either here In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles
davos;Season 4;Well, strictly speaking, I didnt do the thieving That would be the pirates I just moved what they stole from one place to another {DAVOS removes his right glove to show the stubs of his fingers
davos;Season 4;This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes I consider it an honest accounting Hes an honest man and hes your best chance to get back the money youve sunk into Westeros Which is a lot, I imagine Wars are expensive
tycho;Season 4;The war is over
davos;Season 4;As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over Whos the real power in Kings Landing?
tycho;Season 4;Ser Davos.
davos;Season 4;Humor me
tycho;Season 4;Tywin Lannister
dav os;Season 4;How old is Tywin Lannister?
tycho;Season 4;67
stannis;Season 4;67 And when he dies, whos in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywins gone, who do you back?
tycho;Season 4;That is a problem for another time
davos;Season 4;Begging your pardon, I think its a problem for now Theres only one reliable leader left in Westeros Stannis Hes got the birthright Hes in his prime Hes a tried and tested battle commander And he doesnt just talk about paying people back, he does it
sallador;Season 4;The lookout sees a pirate ship sailing their way The captain shouts to his first mate, Bring me my red shirt The first mate brings the red shirt and the captain puts it on And when the pirates try to board, the brave captain leads his men to victory A few days later, the lookout screams, Two pirate ships! The crew is shivering like scared mice But the courageous captain hollers, Bring me my red shirt!
sallador;Season 4;After the battle, the first mate asks, Captain, why do you call for your red shirt before battle? The captain replies, So that if I am stabbed, you will not see me bleed The next morning the lookout screams, 10 pirate ships! We are surrounded! The crew goes silent
sallador;Season 4;They all look to their brave captain, waiting for his usual command Calm as ever, the captain bellows.
women;Season 4;Bring me my brown pants!
davos;Season 4;You think they ever met a pirate who didnt tell them that joke?
sallador;Season 4;Davos I heard you were rotting in a dungeon in Dragonstone
davos;Season 4;Only half rotted
sallador;Season 4;Join us, my friend Join us This is Lhara And this is-
lhara;Season 4;I am Lhara
sallador;Season 4;Shes an artist, this one, truly
davos;Season 4;No time, Im afraid We sail at sunrise
sallador;Season 4;We?
davos;Season 4;You, me we
sallador;Season 4;Once I thought this man loved me Now I know he despises me He wants to see me die poor and alone on some cold-
davos;Season 4;You wont be alone And you wont be poor
davos;Season 4;Theres a chest of the good stuff left back at your house I gave it to your wife
sallador;Season 4;Youre not my friend, my friend
davos;Season 4;Ill see you at sunrise
yara;Season 4;I give you until the full moon to order all ironborn scum out of the North and back to those shit-stained rocks you call home On the first night of the full moon, I will hunt down every islander still on our lands and flay them living, the way I flayed the 20 ironborn scum I found at Winterfell In the box youll find a special gift Theons favorite toy He cried when I took it away from him Leave the North now or more boxes will follow with more Theon Signed Ramsay Snow, natural born son of Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort and Warden of the North
myranda;Season 4;Yes
yara;Season 4;They skinned our countrymen and they mutilated my brother, your prince Your prince Everything theyve done to him, theyve also done to you
myranda;Season 4;Yes! Yes
yara;Season 4;As long as they can hurt our prince with impunity, the word ironborn means nothing
first mate;Season 4;Go left
yara;Season 4;Theon Greyjoy
bolton guard;Season 4;I dont know-
yara;Season 4;Im here for Theon Greyjoy Take me to the dungeons
bolton guard;Season 4;Hes not in the dungeons
bolton guard;Season 4;Last cage on the right
yara;Season 4;Thank you
yara;Season 4;This way
yara;Season 4;Were going home
theon;Season 4;No
yara;Season 4;Its all right Its me, Yara
theon;Season 4;You cant trick me Tell him Tell him you couldnt trick me
yara;Season 4;Im not tricking you, Theon Im saving you
theon;Season 4;Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name is Reek
first mate;Season 4;Theyre here
yara;Season 4;If they catch us in here, were trapped Help me with him
theon;Season 4;No, you cant! You cant
yara;Season 4;Youre Theon Greyjoy
theon;Season 4;No, I dont believe her! I know who I am! Im Reek! Reek! Loyal Reek! Good Reek! Ive always been Reek
ramsay;Season 4;This is turning into a lovely evening
theon;Season 4;Im Reek! Loyal Reek
yara;Season 4;Aah! Theon
yara;Season 4;Give me my brother and no more of your men will die
ramsay;Season 4;Youve got bigger balls than he ever did But with those big balls of yours.
ramsay;Season 4;how fast can you run?
yara;Season 4;Make for the ship, now
ironborn;Season 4;But your brother
yara;Season 4;My brother is dead
ramsay;Season 4;I have a treat for you A reward
theon;Season 4;Reward?
ramsay;Season 4;Yes, Reek Those creatures who came in the night, they wanted to take you away And you didnt let them You remained loyal
theon;Season 4;I I didnt want them to take me I was so scared I didnt want them-
ramsay;Season 4;Yes, yes, Reek Its a bath For you Remove those rags Now
ramsay;Season 4;The britches, too, Reek Take them off
ramsay;Season 4;Do you love me, Reek?
theon;Season 4;Yes, of course, my lord
ramsay;Season 4;Good Because I need you to do something for me Something very important Theres a castle, you see Some bad men hold this castle I need your help to take this castle back
theon;Season 4;But how can-
ramsay;Season 4;I need you to play a role To pretend to be someone youre not
theon;Season 4;Pretend to be who?
ramsay;Season 4;Theon Greyjoy
daenerys;Season 4;You stand before Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons Dont be afraid, my friend
missandei;Season 4;The Queen says you may approach and speak
missandei;Season 4;He is a goatherd He says he prayed for your victory against the slave masters
daenerys;Season 4;I thank him for his prayers
missandei;Season 4;It was your dragons, he says They came this morning for his flock
missandei;Season 4;He hopes he has not offended Your Grace, but now he has nothing
daenerys;Season 4;Tell this man I am sorry for his hardship I cannot bring back his goats
daenerys;Season 4;but I will see he is paid their value three times over
daenerys;Season 4;Send the next one in
manservant;Season 4;The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq begs an audience with the Queen
daenerys;Season 4;The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq can speak to me himself
hizdahr;Season 4;Queen Daenerys Tales of your beauty were not exaggerated
daenerys;Season 4;I thank you
hizdahr;Season 4;Mine is one of the oldest and proudest families in Meereen
daenerys;Season 4;Then it is my honor to receive you
hizdahr;Season 4;My father, one of Meereens most respected and beloved citizens, oversaw the restoration and maintenance of its greatest landmarks This pyramid included
daenerys;Season 4;For that, he has my gratitude I should be honored to meet him
hizdahr;Season 4;You have, Your Grace You crucified him I pray youll never live to see a member of your family treated so cruelly
daenerys;Season 4;Your father crucified innocent children
hizdahr;Season 4;My father spoke out against crucifying those children He decried it as a criminal act, but was overruled Is it justice to answer one crime with another?
daenerys;Season 4;I am sorry you no longer have a father, but my treatment of the masters was no crime Youd be wise to remember that
hizdahr;Season 4;Whats done is done You are the queen and I am a servant of Meereen A servant who does not wish to see its traditions eradicated
daenerys;Season 4;And what traditions do you speak of?
hizdahr;Season 4;The tradition of funeral rite Proper burial in the Temple of the Graces My father and 162 noble Meereenese are still nailed to those posts, carrion for vultures, rotting in the sun
hizdahr;Season 4;Your Grace, I ask that you order these men taken down so that they might receive proper burials
daenerys;Season 4;And what of the slave children these noble Meereenese crucified? They were rotting in the sun as well Would you have begged me for their right to a proper burial?
hizdahr;Season 4;Your Grace, I cannot defend the actions of the masters I can only speak to you as a son who loved his father Let me take his body down Let me have him brought to the temple and buried with dignity so that he might find peace in the next world
daenerys;Season 4;Bury your father, Hizdahr zo Loraq
hizdahr;Season 4;Thank you, my queen
daenerys;Season 4;How many more?
missandei;Season 4;There are 212 supplicants waiting, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 4;212?
daenerys;Season 4;Send the next one in
oberyn;Season 4;These meetings arent always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?
mace;Season 4;Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you-
mace;Season 4;Lord Tywin, its a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council I-
tywin;Season 4;The trial begins this afternoon We only have the morning for affairs of state Shall we begin?
varys;Season 4;Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord
cersei;Season 4;A coward and a traitor
varys;Season 4;My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers I believe the phrase fuck the king was uttered
pycelle;Season 4;Disgraceful
tywin;Season 4;What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?
varys;Season 4;10 silver stags seems a generous bounty
tywin;Season 4;Make it 100 What else?
varys;Season 4;More whispers from the east, my lord
tywin;Season 4;The Targaryen girl?
varys;Season 4;Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen She has conquered the city and rules as its queen
cersei;Season 4;Conquered with what?
varys;Season 4;She commands an army of Unsullied, my queen Some 8,000 strong She has a company of sellswords the Second Sons She has two knights advising her Jorah Mormont and Barristan Selmy And she has three dragons
cersei;Season 4;Baby dragons Larger every year, Your Grace
pycelle;Season 4;Mormont is spying on her for us
varys;Season 4;No longer He appears to be fully devoted to her As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated
cersei;Season 4;Hes an old man He wasnt fit to protect my son
tywin;Season 4;Joffrey didnt die on his watch Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid
cersei;Season 4;Dont tell me youre worried about a child halfway across the world
varys;Season 4;A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace
oberyn;Season 4;Lord Varys is right I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand They are very impressive on the battlefield Less so in the bedroom
tywin;Season 4;Dragons havent won a war in 300 years Armies win them all the time She must be dealt with
pycelle;Season 4;How, my lord? By force?
tywin;Season 4;Eventually, if it comes to that Can your little birds find their way into Meereen?
varys;Season 4;Most certainly, my Lord Hand
tywin;Season 4;Mmm Lord Tyrell, be a good man Fetch my quill and paper
varys;Season 4;Prince Oberyn
oberyn;Season 4;Lord Varys.
varys;Season 4;Only Varys Im not actually a nobleman No one is under obligation to call me lord
oberyn;Season 4;And yet everyone does
varys;Season 4;You seem quite knowledgeable about the Unsullied Did you spend much time in Essos?
oberyn;Season 4;Five years
varys;Season 4;May I ask why?
oberyn;Season 4;Tis a big and beautiful world Most of us live and die in the same corner where we were born and never get to see any of it I dont want to be most of us
varys;Season 4;Most of us arent princes
oberyn;Season 4;You are from Essos Where? Lys?
varys;Season 4;I have an ear for accents Ive lost my accent entirely
oberyn;Season 4;I have an ear for that as well How did you get here?
varys;Season 4;Its a long story
oberyn;Season 4;One you dont like telling people
varys;Season 4;People I trust
oberyn;Season 4;My paramour Ellaria, she would find you very interesting You should come to the brothel and meet her We brought our own wine, not the swill they serve here We have some lovely boys on retainer, but.
oberyn;Season 4;You did like boys before?
oberyn;Season 4;Really? Girls? Hmm I hope you wont be offended when I say I never would have guessed
varys;Season 4;Not at all But I was never interested in girls, either
oberyn;Season 4;What then?
varys;Season 4;Nothing
oberyn;Season 4;Everybody is interested in something
varys;Season 4;Not me When I see what desire does to people, what its done to this country, I am very glad to have no part in it Besides, the absence of desire leaves one free to pursue other things
oberyn;Season 4;Such as?
tyrion;Season 4;Let me guess, Ive been pardoned
tyrion;Season 4;Really?
jaime;Season 4;Fathers orders
tyrion;Season 4;Well, we mustnt disappoint Father , the Iron Throne room
man;Season 4;Kingslayer
tommen;Season 4;I, Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of my Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, do hereby recuse myself from this trial Tywin of the House Lannister, Hand of the King, Protector of the Realm, will sit as judge in my stead And with him Prince Oberyn of the House Martell and Lord Mace of the House Tyrell And if found guilty may the gods punish the accused
tywin;Season 4;Tyrion of the House Lannister, you stand accused by the Queen Regent of regicide Did you kill King Joffrey?
tyrion;Season 4;No
tywin;Season 4;Did your wife, the Lady Sansa?
tyrion;Season 4;Not that I know of
tywin;Season 4;How would you say he died, then?
tyrion;Season 4;Choked on his pigeon pie
tywin;Season 4;So you would blame the bakers?
tyrion;Season 4;Or the pigeons Just leave me out of it
twyin;Season 4;The crown may call its first witness
meryn trant;Season 4;Once wed got King Joffrey safely away from the mob, the Imp rounded on him He slapped the king across the face and called him a vicious idiot and a fool It wasnt the first time the Imp threatened Joffrey Right here in this throne room, he marched up those steps and called our king a halfwit Compared His Grace to the Mad King and suggested hed meet the same fate And when I spoke in the kings defense, he threatened to have me killed
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, why dont you tell them what Joffrey was doing?
tywin;Season 4;Silence
tyrion;Season 4;Pointing a loaded crossbow at Sansa Stark while you tore at her clothes and beat her
tywin;Season 4;Silence! You will not speak unless called upon Youre dismissed
pycelle;Season 4;Basilisk venom, widows blood, wolfsbane, essence of nightshade, sweetsleep, tears of Lys, demons dance blind eye-
oberyn;Season 4;I think you have made your point, Grand Maester You have a lot of poison in your store
pycelle;Season 4;Had, Prince Oberyn My stores were plundered
tywin;Season 4;By whom?
pycelle;Season 4;By the accused, Tyrion Lannister, after he had me wrongfully imprisoned
tywin;Season 4;Grand Maester, you examined King Joffreys corpse Was it without question poison that killed him?
pycelle;Season 4;Without question
pycelle;Season 4;This was found on the body of Dontos Hollard, the kings fool He was last seen spiriting Sansa Stark, the wife of the accused, away from the feast She wore this necklace the day of the wedding Residue of a most rare and terrible poison was found inside
tywin;Season 4;Was this one of the poisons stolen from your store?
pyelle;Season 4;It was The Strangler A poison few in the Seven Kingdoms possess And used to strike down the most noble child the gods ever put on this good earth
cersei;Season 4;I will hurt you for this A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth and you will know the debt is paid
mace;Season 4;Your own brother said this to you?
cersei;Season 4;Shortly before the Battle of Blackwater Bay I confronted him about his plans to put Joffrey on the front lines As it turned out, when the attack came, Joff insisted on remaining at the battlements He believed his presence would inspire the troops
oberyn;Season 4;Tyrion said, And you will know the debt is paid What debt?
cersei;Season 4;I discovered hed been keeping whores in the Tower of the Hand I asked him to confine his salacious acts to the brothel where such behavior belongs He wasnt pleased
tywin;Season 4;Thank you, Your Grace, for the courage of your testimony
mace;Season 4;Do you remember the precise nature of this threat?
varys;Season 4;Im afraid I do, my lord He said, Perhaps you should speak more softly to me, then Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies
mace;Season 4;And he said this to you at a meeting of the small council?
varys;Season 4;Yes After we received word of Robb Starks death He didnt seem gladdened by the news Perhaps his marriage to Sansa Stark had made him more sympathetic to the northern cause
twyin;Season 4;Youre excused, Lord Varys
tyrion;Season 4;Father, may I ask the witness one question?
tywin;Season 4;One
tyrion;Season 4;You once said that without me, this city would have faced certain defeat You said the histories would never mention me, but you would not forget Have you forgotten, Lord Varys?
varys;Season 4;Sadly, my lord, I never forget a thing
tywin;Season 4;We will adjourn for now
tywin;Season 4;Toll the bells in an hours time
guard;Season 4;Clear the court
jaime;Season 4;Youd condemn your own son to death?
tywin;Season 4;Ive condemned no one The trial is not over
jaime;Season 4;This isnt a trial Its a farce Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it
tywin;Season 4;I know nothing of the sort
jaime;Season 4;Youve always hated Tyrion
tywin;Season 4;He killed his king
jaime;Season 4;As did I Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head I saved your life so you could murder my brother?
tywin;Season 4;It wont be murder Itll be justice
jaime;Season 4;Justice?
tywin;Season 4;Im performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly
jaime;Season 4;Hell be executed
tywin;Season 4;No, hell be punished accordingly
jaime;Season 4;Once you said family is what lives on All that lives on You told me about a dynasty that would last 1,000 years What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? Im a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line
tywin;Season 4;Im well aware of your oath
jaime;Season 4;What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister? Others whose names I dont even remember?
tywin;Season 4;What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandsons killer?
jaime;Season 4;It survives through me Ill leave the Kingsguard Ill take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live
tywin;Season 4;Done
tywin;Season 4;When the testimonys concluded and a guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak Hell plead for mercy Ill allow him to join the Nights Watch In three days time, hell depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall Youll remove your white cloak immediately You will leave Kings Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock You will marry a suitable woman and father children named Lannister And youll never turn your back on your family again
jaime;Season 4;You have my word
tywin;Season 4;And you have mine -
tyrion;Season 4;Not going well, is it?
jaime;Season 4;Youre going to be found guilty
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, you think so?
jaime;Season 4;When you are, you need to enter a formal plea for mercy and ask to be sent to the Wall Fathers agreed to it Hell spare your life and allow you to join the Nights Watch
tyriom;Season 4;Ned Stark was promised the same thing and we both know how that turned out
jaime;Season 4;Father is not Joffrey Hell keep his word
tyrion;Season 4;How do you know?
jaime;Season 4;Do you trust me?
jaime;Season 4;Keep your mouth shut No more outbursts This will all be over soon
tywin;Season 4;The crown may call its next witness
tywin;Season 4;State your name
shae;Season 4;Shae
tywin;Season 4;Do you swear by all the gods that your testimony will be true and honest?
shae;Season 4;I swear it
tywin;Season 4;Do you know this man?
shae;Season 4;Yes Tyrion Lannister
tywin;Season 4;How do you know him?
shae;Season 4;I was handmaiden to his wife Lady Sansa
tywin;Season 4;This man stands accused of murdering King Joffrey What do you know of this?
shae;Season 4;I know that hes guilty
shae;Season 4;He and Sansa planned it together
tywin;Season 4;Silence! Continue
shae;Season 4;She wanted revenge for her father, her mother, her brother She blamed their deaths on the king Tyrion was happy to help He hated Joffrey He hated the queen He hated you, my lord
shae;Season 4;He stole poison from the Grand Maesters chamber to put in Joffreys wine
oberyn;Season 4;How could you possibly know all this? Why would he reveal such plans to his wifes maid?
shae;Season 4;I wasnt just her maid I was his whore
mace;Season 4;I beg your pardon? You said you were his.
shae;Season 4;His whore
tywin;Season 4;How did you come to be in his service?
shae;Season 4;He stole me I was with another man, a knight in your lordships army But when Tyrion arrived at the camp, he sent one of his cutthroats into our tent He broke the knights arm and brought me to Lord Tyrion You belong to me now, he said I want you to fuck me like its my last night in this world
tywin;Season 4;Silence Silence
oberyn;Season 4;And did you?
shae;Season 4;Did I what?
oberyn;Season 4;Fuck him like it was his last night in this world
shae;Season 4;I did everything he wanted Whatever he told me to do to him Whatever he felt like doing to me I kissed him where he wanted I licked him where he wanted I let him put himself where he wanted I was his property I would wait in his chambers for hours so he could use me when he was bored He ordered me to call him my lion, so I did I took his face in my hands and said, I am yours and you are mine
tyrion;Season 4;Shae Please dont
shae;Season 4;I am a whore Remember? That was before he married Sansa After that, all he wanted was her But she wouldnt let him into her bed So he promised to kill King Joffrey for her
tyrion;Season 4;Father, I wish to confess I wish to confess
tywin;Season 4;You wish to confess?
tyrion;Season 4;I saved you I saved this city and all your worthless lives I should have let Stannis kill you all
tywin;Season 4;Tyrion Do you wish to confess?
tyrion;Season 4;Yes, Father Im guilty Guilty Is that what you want to hear?
tywin;Season 4;You admit you poisoned the king?
tyrion;Season 4;No, of that Im innocent Im guilty of a far more monstrous crime I am guilty of being a dwarf
tywin;Season 4;You are not on trial for being a dwarf
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, yes, I am Ive been on trial for that my entire life
tywin;Season 4;Have you nothing to say in your defense?
tyrion;Season 4;Nothing but this I did not do it I did not kill Joffrey, but I wish that I had
tyrion;Season 4;Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than 1,000 lying whores
tyrion;Season 4;I wish I was the monster you think I am I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you I would gladly give my life to watch you all swallow it
tywin;Season 4;Escort the prisoner back to his cell
jaime;Season 4;I made a deal for you to keep your ungrateful head on your ungrateful neck a little while longer
tyrion;Season 4;Im sorry, what am I grateful for? The opportunity to live and die at the Wall as punishment for a crime I did not commit?
jaime;Season 4;You threw your life away You threw it away Its not a joke You understand that, dont you?
tyrion;Season 4;Of course its a joke, just not a very funny one I couldnt I couldnt listen to her standing there telling her lies I couldnt do it
jaime;Season 4;You fell in love with a whore
tyrion;Season 4;Yes, I fell in love with a whore And I was stupid enough to think that she had fallen in love with me That deal you made, it was everything Father wanted You do see that? He gets you back as his heir The future Lord of the Rock And he ships me off to Castle Black, out of sight at last All so perfect It felt good to take that from him He knows Im innocent and hes willing to sacrifice me anyway Hes willing to sacrifice any of us Not you Youre the golden son You could kill a king, lose a hand, fuck your own sister, youll always be the golden son
jaime;Season 4;Careful Im the last friend youve got
tyrion;Season 4;At least I got to tell them what they really are
jaime;Season 4;Yes, brilliant speech Theyll be talking about it for days to come I thought you were a realist Didnt realize youd die for pride
tyrion;Season 4;Dont give up on me just yet I survived one trial by combat, even though you werent there to save me
jaime;Season 4;I cant save you this time either My training has proved that I cant beat a stable boy with my left hand
tyrion;Season 4;Wheres your sense of adventure? Even if you lose, imagine the look on Fathers face when you fall
tyrion;Season 4;Our family name snuffed out with a single swing of the sword
jaime;Season 4;It is tempting
tyrion;Season 4;Well Bronn fought for me once, hell do it again If he wins, I expect Ill be in his debt for the rest of my life
jaime;Season 4;If he wins
tyrion;Season 4;Will you find him for me? Who does Cersei plan on naming as a champion? I hope its Ser Meryn Trant Id enjoy watching Bronn disembowel that pompous child beater
jaime;Season 4;No
not guard;Season 4;Go on, move it
guard;Season 4;And you Come on
prisoner;Season 4;Mercy Please Please, mercy
cersei;Season 4;Ser Gregor Welcome to the capital Thank you for riding here so quickly
cersei;Season 4;You seem to be in good form
mountain;Season 4;Who am I fighting?
cersei;Season 4;Does it matter?
sandor;Season 4;Could be food
arya;Season 4;Could be soldiers
arya;Season 4;You shouldnt be sitting out here like this
dying man;Season 4;Where else to sit? Tried to walk back to my hut, hurt too much Then I remembered they burned my hut down
sandor;Season 4;Who were they ?
dying man;Season 4;I stopped asking a while ago
sandor;Season 4;Thats not gonna get better
dying man;Season 4;Doesnt seem so
sandor;Season 4;A bad way to go Havent you had enough?
dying man;Season 4;Of what? I know Time to go Take matters into my own hands The thought has occurred to me
arya;Season 4;So why go on?
dying man;Season 4;Habit
arya;Season 4;Nothing could be worse than this
dying man;Season 4;Maybe nothing is worse than this
arya;Season 4;Nothing isnt better or worse than anything Nothing is just nothing
dying man;Season 4;Who are you?
arya;Season 4;My name is Arya Arya Stark
dying man;Season 4;You her father?
sandor;Season 4;Her captor Bringing her to her aunt for ransom
dying man;Season 4;A fair exchange, that is Always held to the notion of fair exchange in all my dealings You give me, I give you Fair A balance No balance anymore Could I have a drink? Dying is thirsty work
dying man;Season 4;Wish it were wine
sandor;Season 4;So do I
sandor;Season 4;Thats where the heart is Thats how you kill a man
sandor;Season 4;The fuck you doing?
rorge;Season 4;Theres a price on your head
sandor;Season 4;Guess thats what the king does when you tell him to fuck off
rorge;Season 4;The kings dead He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers 100 silver stags
sandor;Season 4;And you thought you were going to collect it? Didnt think very hard, did you?
arya;Season 4;You were Yorens prisoners when he was taking me to the Wall He told me hed fuck me bloody with a stick
sandor;Season 4;This days really not working out the way you planned He on your little list?
arya;Season 4;He cant be I dont know his name
sandor;Season 4;Whats your name?
rorge;Season 4;Rorge
arya;Season 4;Thank you
sandor;Season 4;Youre learning
man;Season 4;Rangers returning
man;Season 4;They return
man;Season 4;Rangers returning
jon;Season 4;Greetings
man;Season 4;Didnt think Id see you again
sam;Season 4;All right, Jon?
man;Season 4;Welcome back, brother
alliser;Season 4;Lord Snow
alliser;Season 4;This is no place for wild beasts Lock him away or Ill let Hobb throw him in tonights stew
jon;Season 4;Come on, Ghost
jon;Season 4;Mances army was closing in on Crasters Keep when we left We saw their campfires from Osrics Hill Theyll reach the Wall before the next full moon
janos slynt;Season 4;Im surprised you didnt ride over and say hello ing-beyond-the-Wall is your old friend, isnt he?
jon;Season 4;We need to prepare
alliser;Season 4;Weve been preparing
jon;Season 4;We should seal the tunnel Plug it with rocks and ice Flood it and let it freeze
alliser;Season 4;And how would we range north?
jon;Season 4;We wouldnt
alliser;Season 4;Coward You would cut off our legs, pluck out our eyes, leave us cowering behind the Wall hoping for the storm to pass?
grenn;Season 4;We cant defend the gate against 100,000 men
alliser;Season 4;This castle has stood for thousands of years The Nights Watch has defended her for thousands of years And in all those centuries, we have never sealed the tunnel
jon;Season 4;Have you ever seen a giant, Ser Alliser? I have
alliser;Season 4;The bars on those gates are four inches thick Cold-rolled steel
jon;Season 4;They wont stop them
alliser;Season 4;Remind me which order you belong to, Lord Snow
jon;Season 4;The stewards
alliser;Season 4;Are the stewards responsible for maintaining the tunnel?
jon;Season 4;No
alliser;Season 4;Who would that be?
jon;Season 4;The builders
alliser;Season 4;Ah, the builders First Builder Yarwyck, Lord Snow here recommends sealing the tunnel, leaving us unable to carry out our duties as sworn brothers of the Nights Watch Do you agree with him?
yarwick;Season 4;No
alliser;Season 4;Given your deep knowledge of the wildling army, Lord Snow, you and Tarly will take night duties atop the Wall until the full moon
alliser;Season 4;Moving on First Builder, well need 100 barrels of pitch brought atop the wall
yarwick;Season 4;Aye
bronn;Season 4;My lord
tyrion;Season 4;You have new clothes
bronn;Season 4;Do you like em? Eh? Gloves are doeskin Softer than a virgins thighs
tyrion;Season 4;I sent for you days ago
bronn;Season 4;Ive been a bit busy
tyrion;Season 4;Doing what?
bronn;Season 4;My lonesome bachelor days are over Im to wed Lollys Stokeworth
tyrion;Season 4;Lollys Stokeworth? She doesnt strike me as your sort of girl
bronn;Season 4;I wouldnt say I had a single sort of girl
tyrion;Season 4;Shes dim-witted
bronn;Season 4;If I wanted wits, Id marry you
tyrion;Season 4;When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
bronn;Season 4;Falyse Aye, I did know about the older sister
tyrion;Season 4;And you understand the rules of inheritance?
bronn;Season 4;Falyse is 40 and barren
tyrion;Season 4;She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies
bronn;Season 4;She does Unless she happens to perish before her father Then Lollys gets the castle
bronn;Season 4;What? Ladies fall from their horses and snap their pretty necks all the time
tyrion;Season 4;You and my sister deserve each other Why did you bother to come here?
bronn;Season 4;You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, youd double their price
tyrion;Season 4;Is it two wives you want or two castles?
bronn;Season 4;One of each will do But if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, itd better be a damn big castle
tyrion;Season 4;Im a bit short on castles at the moment But I can offer you gold and gratitude
bronn;Season 4;I have gold What can I buy with gratitude?
tyrion;Season 4;You might be surprised A Lannister always pays his debts
bronn;Season 4;Your sisters a Lannister, too
tyrion;Season 4;My wife is heir to Winterfell If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name I could carve you out a big piece of it
bronn;Season 4;If and may and could Its bloody cold up north Lollys is soft and warm And close If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, youd have your britches down and your cock out before I could blink
tyrion;Season 4;Does he frighten you so much?
bronn;Season 4;Id be a bloody fool if he didnt frighten me Hes freakish big and freakish strong And quicker than youd expect for a man of that size Maybe I could take him, dance around until hes so tired of hacking at me, he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow But one misstep and Im dead Why should I risk it?
tyrion;Season 4;Because youre my friend
bronn;Season 4;Aye, Im your friend And when have you ever risked your life for me?
bronn;Season 4;I like you, pampered little shit that you are I just like myself more
tyrion;Season 4;I understand
bronn;Season 4;Im sorry it has to be this way
tyrion;Season 4;Why are you sorry? Because youre an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? Thats what I liked about you in the first place
bronn;Season 4;We had some good days together
tyrion;Season 4;Yes, we did
bronn;Season 4;What will you do?
tyrion;Season 4;I suppose Ill have to kill the Mountain myself Wont that make for a great song?
bronn;Season 4;I hope to hear them sing it one day
daenerys;Season 4;How did you get in here? Your door is well guarded
daario;Season 4;but your window is not
daario;Season 4;I swam to an island a mile offshore for these
daenerys;Season 4;Dont do that again
daario;Season 4;Never met a woman who didnt like wildflowers
daenerys;Season 4;These are my private quarters If I want you here, I will summon you
daario;Season 4;Forgive me, my queen I live to serve you
daenerys;Season 4;Tell me why youre here
daario;Season 4;I came to ask a favor I only have two talents in this world war and women You are staying here in Meereen to rule That is a wise decision I respect it But here in Meereen, I cannot pursue my talents
daenerys;Season 4;Ive ordered the Second Sons to patrol the streets to stop the revenge killing
daario;Season 4;Youve ordered us to be night watchmen
daenerys;Season 4;And as for women, there are thousands in Meereen you can pursue
daario;Season 4;There is only one, and she does not want me
daenerys;Season 4;You swore me your sword
daario;Season 4;My sword is yours till the day I die
daenerys;Season 4;So if I command you to stay in Meereen and patrol the streets?
daario;Season 4;Ill stay in Meereen and patrol the streets Send me to kill your enemies Any enemy anywhere Let me do what I do best
daenerys;Season 4;Very well
daenerys;Season 4;Do what you do best
daenerys;Season 4;Take off your clothes
selyse;Season 4;Oh
melisandre;Season 4;Come in, my queen Please
selyse;Season 4;I didnt mean to disturb you, my lady
melisandre;Season 4;You could never disturb me
selyse;Season 4;I just wanted to speak with you before we left
melisandre;Season 4;Could you bring me that vial over there? The blue one
melisandre;Season 4;No, no, no Not that one You dont even want to touch that one Next to it Thats the one
melisandre;Season 4;When I looked into the flames this morning, the Lord spoke to me He said, Tonight, you will have your last good bath in a long while Make it count A joke Not a very good one, Im afraid
selyse;Season 4;It was I humor isnt my strength
melisandre;Season 4;Thats because most jokes are lies and youre devoted to the truth
selyse;Season 4;If theyre lies, my lady, arent they best avoided?
melisandre;Season 4;Not always
melisandre;Season 4;Most of these powders and potions are lies Deceptions to make men think they witnessed our Lords power Once they step into his light, they will see the lie for what it was a trick that lead them to the truth A pinch of this powder in a bonfire will send a flaming column screaming towards the sky And this one creates a black smoke that will make the bravest man piss himself with fear And a drop of this in any mans wine will drive him wild with lust
selyse;Season 4;Did you use it with Stannis?
melisandre;Season 4;No Dont be upset Men never crave what they already have
melisandre;Season 4;Its only flesh It needs what it needs
selyse;Season 4;No act done in service of the Lord can ever be called a sin I thank God every day for bringing you to us And Stannis to you He wants to bring Shireen with us I think that would be ill-advised My daughter has heretical tendencies, as youre well aware I dont know if her doubt is real or simply meant to spite me, but whichever the case, she should stay home
melisandre;Season 4;I understand how you feel
selyse;Season 4;Hmm
melisandre;Season 4;But that is impossible
selyse;Season 4;Why?
melisandre;Season 4;You dont need powders and potions, my queen You dont need lies You are strong enough to look into the Lords light and see his truth for yourself
melisandre;Season 4;However harsh it is However hard for us to understand You dont need my help, but I will need yours soon When we set sail, your daughter must be with us The Lord needs her
daario;Season 4;Jorah the Andal Are you here to see our queen? Shes in a good mood
jorah;Season 4;Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 4;Youre here early
jorah;Season 4;Later than some
daenerys;Season 4;You dont approve?
jorah;Season 4;Its not a question of approval, its a question of trust
daenerys;Season 4;You neither approve nor trust
jorah;Season 4;Why would I? The mans a sellsword
daenerys;Season 4;Didnt you fight for the Golden Company before pledging your sword to my brother?
jorah;Season 4;I did
daenerys;Season 4;I trust you
jorah;Season 4;Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands How could you ever have faith in a man like that?
daenerys;Season 4;I could never have faith in a man like Daario Thats why Ive sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai
jorah;Season 4;You have?
daenerys;Season 4;I have
jorah;Season 4;Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control
daenerys;Season 4;That is why Ive ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai The masters tear babies from their mothers arms They mutilate little boys by the thousands They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself
jorah;Season 4;Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts The slaves you freed, brutality is all theyve ever known If you want them to know something else, youll have to show it to them
daenerys;Season 4;And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?
jorah;Season 4;Its tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but theres good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought
daenerys;Season 4;Let the priests argue over good and evil Slavery is real I can end it I will end it And I will end those behind it
jorah;Season 4;I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 4;And now you are helping me show them to freedom
jorah;Season 4;I wouldnt be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai
daenerys;Season 4;The man who came to me the other day about burying his father
jorah;Season 4;Hizdahr zo Loraq?
daenerys;Season 4;He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen He will explain the choice they have before them They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one
daenerys;Season 4;Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves Tell him I changed my mind
jorah;Season 4;Yes, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 4;No Tell him you changed my mind
sandor;Season 4;Rat cunts Fucking whore
arya;Season 4;Youre doing it wrong You need to burn away that horrible bit there Otherwise its gonna get infected and fester I know you dont like fire, but if you dont do it right-
sandor;Season 4;No fire
arya;Season 4;Itll only take a second It wont hurt that much
sandor;Season 4;No fire
sandor;Season 4;Shut up about it Shut up about everything Thanks to you, Im a walking bag of silver anywhere the Lannisters hold sway Which is everywhere between where we are now and where were going
sandor;Season 4;Im as stupid as that hog you stuck back in the village, getting myself cut and stabbed and bitten No reward is worth this much trouble Wish Id never laid eyes on you You say your brother gave you that sword
sandor;Season 4;My brother gave me this It was just like you said a while back Pressed me to the fire like I was a nice juicy mutton chop
arya;Season 4;Why?
sandor;Season 4;Thought I stole one of his toys I didnt steal it I was just playing with it The pain was bad The smell was worse But the worst thing was that it was my brother who did it My father, who protected him told everyone my bedding caught fire You think youre on your own?
arya;Season 4;Let me wash it out and help you sew it up at least
brienne;Season 4;Bit of comfort never hurt anyone Weve been sleeping in ditches the last few weeks I think we can treat ourselves to a featherbed for the night and a hot meal not cooked by you
podrick;Season 4;Couldnt agree more, my lady
brienne;Season 4;Just dont start expecting silk underclothes Not working for your former lord any longer
podrick;Season 4;Yes, my lady
brienne;Season 4;Dont get drunk
podrick;Season 4;No, my lady
hot pie;Season 4;Can I get you anything else?
brienne;Season 4;No, this will do nicely, thank you Kidney pie is wonderful
hot pie;Season 4;Thanks I do my best
hot pie;Season 4;A good kidney pie is all about the ingredients Flour, lard, water, eggs, milk Easy enough But the meat, peacetime or not, getting your hands on a good bottom round steak and calves kidneys is not easy I mean, some people settle for plain old beef kidneys Got no right to cook anything, them Oh, and the gravy Dont get me started on the gravy Very difficult to get right See, a lot of people give up on the gravy You cannot give up on the gravy No gravy, no pie Simple as that Thats nice armor Are you a knight?
brienne;Season 4;No
hot pie;Season 4;Oh, its just people with armor are usually knights Generally speaking From Kings Landing, though, arent you? From there myself originally Flea Bottom born and bred What brings you to these parts?
brienne;Season 4;Were looking for someone
hot pie;Season 4;Someone in particular? Maybe they came in here A lot of people come in here Just the other day we had 17-
brienne;Season 4;A girl, tall, red hair, very pretty Her name is Sansa Stark, but she may be using a different name
hot pie;Season 4;Starks? What, like them lot from Winterhell ?
hot pie;Season 4;sNo, aint seen anyone like that I heard they was all traitors Dont need no traitors in here
brienne;Season 4;I pledged my life to their mother Catelyn Stark I swore to her Id bring her daughters home
hot pie;Season 4;Sure I cant get you a bit more kidney pie?
brienne;Season 4;What?
podrick;Season 4;Its nothing, my lady
brienne;Season 4;You wouldnt be screwing your face up like that if it was nothing
podrick;Season 4;Dont want to offend, my lady Truly, I dont
brienne;Season 4;Youre not interesting enough to be offensive
podrick;Season 4;The Lannisters want Lady Sansa The Lannisters have money People kill for money I dont think we should be telling people were searching for Lady Sansa
hot pie;Season 4;My lady My lord Could I have a word?
brienne;Season 4;What about? Not kidney pie
hot pie;Season 4;You seem like a proper lady Someone who could be trusted I never met no Sansa Stark But I know her sister Arya
brienne;Season 4;No ones seen Arya Stark since her father was beheaded Shes presumed dead
hot pie;Season 4;She werent when I last spoke to her
brienne;Season 4;When was that?
hot pie;Season 4;Heading up north with the Nights Watch She was all dressed up as a boy Like your ladyship, only without the armor Going by the name Arry
brienne;Season 4;So what happened to her?
hot pie;Season 4;Well-
brienne;Season 4;The quick version
hot pie;Season 4;The Lannisters took us prisoner We escaped The Brotherhood took us prisoner They sold me to the innkeep They were gonna sell Arya to her mother at Riverrun along with another prisoner Big ugly fellow Foul mouth and a face like a half-burnt ham Not friendly
podrick;Season 4;The Hound
hot pie;Season 4;Thats the one If you find her, could you give her this? She liked the last one I gave her, but, well, this one turned out better
brienne;Season 4;Um, you were saying?
ings road brienne;Season 4;Her mothers dead, grandfathers dead, Walder Frey is the new lord of Riverrun The Brotherhood isnt going to Riverrun
podrick;Season 4;Theyll take her to the Eyrie, my lady
brienne;Season 4;Why the Eyrie?
podrick;Season 4;Her aunt, Lysa Arryn Catelyn Starks sister Shes Aryas last living relative with money She hates the Lannisters Lord Tyrion made sure I knew which house married which and who hated who
brienne;Season 4;Sansa could be there, too
podrick;Season 4;Aye, my lady Could be
brienne;Season 4;You sure about this?
podrick;Season 4;No
tyrion;Season 4;I imagined youd be back at the brothel at this hour
oberyn;Season 4;I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day
tyrion;Season 4;Mm, do tell Ive got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like
oberyn;Season 4;Your sister
tyrion;Season 4;Oh
oberyn;Season 4;Cersei approached me We spoke a great deal about her daughter How worried your sister is about her She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you I think she may have even believed it herself
tyrion;Season 4;Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts
oberyn;Season 4;It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions It is rare to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters She desperately wants to see you killed
tyrion;Season 4;She didnt need to bother you It looks as though Ive taken care of that myself The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck Shes wanted this for a long time
oberyn;Season 4;Yes, I know We met, you and I Many years ago
tyrion;Season 4;I think I would have remembered that
oberyn;Season 4;Unlikely You had just been born Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him on a visit to Casterly Rock My first time away from Dorne I didnt like anything about the Rock Not the food, not the weather, your accents Nothing But the biggest disappointment you
tyrion;Season 4;You and my family have more in common than you might admit
oberyn;Season 4;The whole way from Dorne all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy
tyrion;Season 4;That would have made things so much easier
oberyn;Season 4;When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us Every day we would ask Every day she would say, Soon Then she and your brother took us to your nursery and she unveiled the freak Your head was a bit large Your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw No red eye No tail between your legs Just a tiny pink cock We didnt try to hide our disappointment Thats not a monster, I told Cersei Thats just a baby And she said, He killed my mother And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off Until your brother made her stop It doesnt matter, she told us Everyone says he will die soon I hope they are right He should not have lived this long
tyrion;Season 4;Well sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants
oberyn;Season 4;And what about what I want? Justice for my sister and her children
tyrion;Season 4;If you want justice, youve come to the wrong place
oberyn;Season 4;I disagree
oberyn;Season 4;Ive come to the perfect place I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice And all those who have wronged me are right here I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sisters children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too I will be your champion
sansa;Season 4;Hello, Robin
robin;Season 4;What are you doing?
sansa;Season 4;Im building my home, Winterfell At least I think I am I havent been back there in a very long time
robin;Season 4;Why did you leave?
sansa;Season 4;Its a long story
robin;Season 4;I stay here in the Eyrie Mother says its dangerous on the roads and I have to keep myself safe because Im the Lord of the Vale and the Lord of the Vale is a very important person
sansa;Season 4;Yes, you certainly are
robin;Season 4;When will you go back?
sansa;Season 4;Probably never My family doesnt live there anymore and someone burned it down
robin;Season 4;Oh Does Winterfell have a Moon Door?
sansa;Season 4;No, Im afraid not Its not high up in the mountains Its down on the ground
robin;Season 4;That sounds dangerous How do you make people fly?
sansa;Season 4;We dont
robin;Season 4;What do you do with all the bad people and the scary people and the people you dont like?
sansa;Season 4;I never did anything with them at all Girls didnt take part in that where I came from
robin;Season 4;Well, Im Lord of the Vale When I grow up, Ill be able to fly anybody who bothers me Or you When we get married, you can tell me if you dont like somebody and then we can bring them back here and, whoosh! Right through the Moon Door
sansa;Season 4;I like the sound of that
robin;Season 4;Lets put a Moon Door in your Winterfell
sansa;Season 4;All right
robin;Season 4;It can go in here in this big tower
sansa;Season 4;Careful Youve ruined it Now Im going to have to rebuild the whole thing
robin;Season 4;I didnt ruin it
sansa;Season 4;You did
robin;Season 4;It was already ruined because it didnt have a Moon Door I was fixing it
sansa;Season 4;Knocking things down isnt fixing them Its ruining them
robin;Season 4;I didnt ruin it
sansa;Season 4;Youre being stupid
robin;Season 4;I didnt ruin it
sansa;Season 4;Robin, Im sorry, I-
littlefinger;Season 4;Children
sansa;Season 4;I hit him
littlefinger;Season 4;Yes, I saw
sansa;Season 4;I shouldnt have done that
littlefinger;Season 4;No, his mother should have a long time ago Consider it a step in the right direction
sansa;Season 4;If he tells Aunt Lysa.
littlefinger;Season 4;Let me worry about Aunt Lysa
sansa;Season 4;I was trying to remember what everything looked like Ill never see it again
littlefinger;Season 4;A lot can happen between now and never If you want to build a better home, first you must demolish the old one
sansa;Season 4;Why did you really kill Joffrey? Tell me why
littlefinger;Season 4;I loved your mother more than you could ever know Given the opportunity, what do we do to those whove hurt the ones we love? In a better world, one where love could overcome strength and duty, you might have been my child But we dont live in that world
littlefinger;Season 4;Youre more beautiful than she ever was
sansa;Season 4;Lord Baelish.
littlefinger;Season 4;Call me Petyr
sansa;Season 4;You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?
lysa;Season 4;Come here, Sansa
lysa;Season 4;Do you know how far the fall is?
sansa;Season 4;No
lysa;Season 4;Neither do I, precisely Hundreds of feet Its fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height The impact breaks them right apart Like eggs dropped on the floor Sometimes pieces remain intact Youll find the head sitting on its own Every hair in place Blue eyes staring at nothing I know what you did
sansa;Season 4;Im so sorry, Aunt Lysa I never should have hit Robin, I know it I promise it wont happen-
lysa;Season 4;Dont be coy with me, you little whore You kissed him You kissed Petyr
sansa;Season 4;I didnt You dont understand
lysa;Season 4;I saw you! You cant lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes
sansa;Season 4;He kissed me I pulled away
lysa;Season 4;Liar! Whore! He is mine
sansa;Season 4;Please
lysa;Season 4;My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now theyre all dead Thats what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down
littlefinger;Season 4;Lysa! Let her go
lysa;Season 4;You want her? This empty-headed child?
littlefinger;Season 4;Let her go
lysa;Season 4;Shes just like her mother Shell never love you I lied for you I killed for you Why did you bring her here? Why?
littlefinger;Season 4;Ill send her away I swear on my life I swear to all the gods Let her go, Lysa
littlefinger;Season 4;Oh, my sweet wife My sweet, silly wife
man;Season 4;Here we are
man;Season 4;The Rains of Castamere
moles town whore;Season 4;You fucking dick! Same wrong guess every fucking time Listen, ya cunt
man;Season 4;Oh, The Bear and the Maiden Fair
moles town whore;Season 4;Theres a man with an ear Too bad youve got a hangnail for a cock First time I saw you with your britches down, I thought you were a eunuch! You seen it girls Like a baby snail peekin out of his shell  walks toward Gilly to Gilly baby was crying this morning It waked me up You hear me?
gilly;Season 4;Yes
moles town whore;Season 4;Well, what are you going to say?
gilly;Season 4;Im sorry it woke you up
moles town whore;Season 4;I dont care if youre sorry Keep that baby quiet, or I will
gilly;Season 4;Dont you ever touch him
moles town whore;Season 4;Hehehe, little Wildling bitch You shouldve stayed with your own kind  hoots in the distance you listening to me?
gilly;Season 4;Shut your mouth
moles town whore;Season 4;What? Its just an owl you dumb bitch
gilly;Season 4;No its not
sam;Season 4;I should never have left her there
jon;Season 4;You couldnt have known
sam;Season 4;Of course I couldve known They were raiding the villages close by
grenn;Season 4;And we just cower in here while they slaughter our brothers?
ed;Season 4;Our brothers had orders to stay at Castle Black
grenn;Season 4;Oh, so its alright then?! Black Jack and Kegs and Mully chopped to pieces cause they broke the rules?
ed;Season 4;I didnt say it was alright! Im sayin they shouldnt have been there
grenn;Season 4;We pledged to guard the realms of men
sam;Season 4;Shes dead because of me
grenn;Season 4;We cant even guard Moles Town
jon;Season 4;We cant go after them, you know that Thats what they want
sam;Season 4;Little Same As if Id cut their throats myself
pyp;Season 4;Maybe she managed to hide herself I thought one of you was dead, you went North with Mormont and no one came back Not for ages But then you did
ed;Season 4;She survived Craster and he was the worst shit Ive ever met She survived the long march to the wall She survived a white walker for fucks sake She mightve got out
sam;Season 4;She might have
jon;Season 4;If they hit Moles Town, then were next Mances army must be close
ed;Season 4;A hundred thousand
grenn;Season 4;And theres what, 5 of us left
ed;Season 4;If youre counting Black Jack, Kegs, and Mully A hundred and two
pyp;Season 4;How do a hundred and two men stop a thousand?
ed;Season 4;Whoever dies last, be a good lad and burn the rest of us Once Im done with this world, I dont want to come back
dany;Season 4;You think he was spying on you?
missandei;Season 4;No, not spying
dany;Season 4;The Dothraki think outsiders are ridiculous taking shame in the naked body They make love under the stars for the whole Khalasar to see
missandei;Season 4;Yes your grace
dany;Season 4;But you are not Dothraki
missandei;Season 4;No
dany;Season 4;Well, I dont see why it matters Grey worm isnt interested, none of the unsullied care whats under our clothes
missandei;Season 4;He was interested
dany;Season 4;What?
missandei;Season 4;I believe he was interested
dany;Season 4;When the slavers castrate the boys, do they take all of it?
missandei;Season 4;All of it?
dany;Season 4;The the pillar an the stones
missandei;Season 4;I dont know, your grace
dany;Season 4;Havent you ever wondered?
missandei;Season 4;Yes, your grace
grey worm;Season 4;Missandei   I have come to apologize
missandei;Season 4;  You dont need to apologize
grey worm;Season 4;  I hope I didnt frighten you
missandei;Season 4;  No
grey worm;Season 4;The lessons you give I in Common tongue, these are precious to I
missandei;Season 4;To me
grey worm;Season 4;To me
missandei;Season 4;I dont remember teaching you the word precious
grey worm;Season 4;Jorah the Andal, he teaches I he teaches me this word
missandei;Season 4;Do you remember the name you were given at birth?
grey worm;Season 4;I remember nothing Only unsullied
missandei;Season 4;When they cut you, do you remember that?
missandei;Season 4;Im sorry Im sorry they did that to you
grey worm;Season 4;Why? Why sorry?
missandei;Season 4;Its a terrible thing to do to a boy
grey worm;Season 4;  If the masters never cut me, I am never unsullied I never stand in the Plaza of Pride when Daenerys Stormborn orders us to kill the masters I never am chosen to lead the unsullied I never meet Missandei from the Island of Naath I am sorry I for today I am sorry
missandei;Season 4;  Grey Worm
missandei;Season 4;  Im glad you saw me
grey worm;Season 4;  So am I
ramsay;Season 4;Bracken Mmm, strong As long as theyre in the see But when you take them out of the water, no bones They collapse under their proud weight and slum into a heap of nothing Youd think theyd know that Unfortunately theyre not very bright What do you tell them?
theon;Season 4;Im Theon Greyjoy, son of Balon, heir to the Iron Islands
ramsay;Season 4;And what are you really?
theon;Season 4;Im Reek
ramsay;Season 4;Are you sure? You do look very much like a lord Formidable, proud
theon;Season 4;Im Reek
ramsay;Season 4;Until when?
theon;Season 4;Always Forever
ramsay;Season 4;Thats right Until youre rotting in the ground Remember what you are and what youre not Bring me Lord Kenning
guard;Season 4;  No closer Who are you?
ralf;Season 4;Im Kenning, commander of this garrison And you say youre Theon Greyjoy?
theon;Season 4;Yes
ralf;Season 4;And why should I believe that?
theon;Season 4;I was born on Pike to Balon Greyjoy His third and last-living son I am your prince I swear it by the drowned god What is dead may never die
everyone;Season 4;What is dead may never die
ralf;Season 4;And if you were my prince, why are you marching with a Bolton army?
theon;Season 4;Lord Bolton took me captive after Winterfell He sent me to treat with you in good faith as your fellow Ironborn
ralf;Season 4;And what does Lord Bolton want?
theon;Season 4;You are fading from sickness You are badly outnumbered and youre hundreds of miles from the sea Lord Bolton implores you to protect your men and abandon this fortress you can no longer hold Do this and he will be just and fair with you as he is being with me The Boltons will give you safe passage to the stony shore
ralf;Season 4;He wants us to surrender?
theon;Season 4;My own father, your king, surrendered years ago to Robert Baratheon I watched him bend the knee There was no shame there He fought with honor, as did you
ralf;Season 4;shame fought with honor
theon;Season 4;Im sorry, I didnt hear.
ralf;Season 4;No shame fought with honor Only a whipped dog would speak this way Or a woman Are you a woman boy?
theon;Season 4;  You dont know
ralf;Season 4;The Ironborn will not surrender
theon;Season 4;  Reek Reek
ralf;Season 4;You go tell your master that, Theon Greyjoy Or whoever the fuck you are What in the hell are you muttering?
theon;Season 4;Reek
man;Season 4;If we yield, we live? Is that what it says on this paper here?
theon;Season 4;Yes Have your men raise the white flag and open the gates Youre going home
ramsay;Season 4;You didnt really think Id let them go did you? Its falling out of fashion Fileting Sad, but true Traditions are important Where are we without our history, eh?
theon;Season 4;Yes mlord Will we go home now?
ramsay;Season 4;I believe we will To our new home
cut to;Season 4;THE VALE You have foreign blood, dont you, Baelish?
littlefinger;Season 4;A great-grandfather from Braavos, yes I suppose all of our ancestors came from somewhere else originally
lord royce;Season 4;Our forebearers settled the Vale thousands of years ago Weve fought off invaders ever since
littlefinger;Season 4;The beauty of the Vale is matched only by the nobility of its great families Lady Arryn often told me that you were her rock, Lord Royce
lord royce;Season 4;She told me nothing about you, Baelish But I didnt need to hear from her Moneylender Whoremonger Youve been licking Tywin Lannisters boots so long, its a wonder your tongues not black
littlefinger;Season 4;My lord.
lord royce;Season 4;And when Jon Arryn named you Master of Coin, no one cared Always been a grubby job Why not let a grubby man do it? But when I heard you were lurking here, fawning over the Lady Arryn.
littlefinger;Season 4;Lady Arryn invited me She and I have been close since childhood
lady anya;Season 4;Yes, we all know how close you were Lady Arryns predilections were her own affair Her death is our affair
littlefinger;Season 4;Of course Her suicide shattered us all
lady anya;Season 4;She was an odd fish Everyone knew that But suicide? She adored that boy of hers I dont see her abandoning him Not by choice
lord royce;Season 4;Strange that within days of your arrival, youve married Lady Arryn and shes fallen through the Moon Door
littlefinger;Season 4;She was always prone to melancholy My lady wasnt meant for a world as brutal as ours
lord royce;Season 4;We were told there was a witness A girl
lady anya;Season 4;A niece of yours, I believe
littlefinger;Season 4;A girl with no learning and scattered wits I assure you, she would be of no help
lord royce;Season 4;Wed like to speak with her
littlefinger;Season 4;Let me fetch her
lady anya;Season 4;No need We prefer to hear her testimony unadulterated
lady anya;Season 4;Come closer, child You have nothing to fear from us or him Lord Baelish here is your uncle? Your name is Alayne? Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if Lord Baelish left the room
littlefinger;Season 4;My lady.
lady anya;Season 4;I wasnt asking you
sansa;Season 4;He can stay
lord royce;Season 4;Speak up, girl, youre not a damn kitchen mouse Tell us what you saw
sansa;Season 4;  Im sorry, Lord Baelish I have to tell the truth  council tell you everything
lady anya;Season 4;Please, Alayne, leave nothing out
sansa;Season 4;My name is not Alayne Its Sansa Stark, eldest daughter of Lord Eddard Stark Lord Royce, we met when you came to Winterfell You were escorting your son Ser Waymar to the Wall
lord royce;Season 4;Sansa Stark? You tell lies right to my face, you little worm?
sansa;Season 4;Lord Baelish has told many lies All to protect me Since my father was executed, I have been a hostage in Kings Landing A plaything for Joffrey to torture or Queen Cersei to torment They beat me, they humiliated me, they married me to the Imp I had no friends in Kings Landing except one He saved me Smuggled me away when he had the chance He knew Id be safe here in the Eyrie with my own blood, my Aunt Lysa The Lannisters have friends everywhere Even the Vale He made me swear not to tell anyone my true name
ser vance;Season 4;Your secret is safe with us, my lady
lord royce;Season 4;Your father grew up right here in these halls We hunted together many times He was a fine man
lady anya;Season 4;Tell us what happened to your aunt, Sansa
sansa;Season 4;You knew her well, my lords, my lady You knew she was a troubled woman She always loved Lord Baelish She told me herself From the moment he arrived at the gates of Riverrun, a boy of eight carrying everything he owned in a little sack She confessed to me she never loved Lord Arryn She did as her father commanded, as so many of us have When the gods finally allowed her to be with Lord Baelish, she was so happy For a time My aunt was a jealous lady She was terrified that Lord Baelish didnt love her anymore That he would abandon her for a younger woman And then one day she saw him kiss me
lord royce;Season 4;Lady Sansa
sansa;Season 4;It was a peck on the cheek, Lord Royce, nothing more Lord Baelish is my uncle now, in truth, by marriage Hes always been so kind to me I was so happy to be here, to be free All because of him But my aunt turned on me She cursed me Called me a whore Promised to throw me through the Moon Door When Lord Baelish tried to calm her, she struck him She said she didnt want to live anymore She stood on the edge of that Moon Door He tried to reason with her Promised her she was the only one he had ever loved, but she stepped through those doors and she was  
lady anya;Season 4;Shh Shh, its not your fault, sweet girl Its not your fault
lord royce;Season 4;You could see it in the way she raised that boy Feeding him from her own teats when he was 10 years old
lady anya;Season 4;Lord Royce! This is hardly the time
lord royce;Season 4;Apologies, my lady And to you as well, Baelish We treated you a bit harshly
littlefinger;Season 4;You want justice, Lord Royce I can hardly complain about that I want the same
lady anya;Season 4;Not much justice to be meted out in suicide, is there?
littlefinger;Season 4;For Lysa, no But for her son? Only 20 years ago, the knights of the Vale rode behind Jon Arryn, Ned Stark, Robert Baratheon They fought together to overcome the Mad King And since then, Arryn and Royce, Corbray, Waynwood, all the great houses of the Vale watched from the corner A timid boy at a tavern brawl
lord royce;Season 4;Are you questioning our courage?
littlefinger;Season 4;I want to know which side youre on Do you support the Lannisters, the house that executed your friend Ned Stark?
lord royce;Season 4;Of course we dont support the damn Lannisters
littlefinger;Season 4;No? Catelyn Stark begged her sister for support and Lysa refused By staying out of the fray, youve allowed Tywin Lannister to destroy his rivals on every compass point Who stands against him now?
lady anya;Season 4;Who would you have us back, Lord Baelish? Robb Stark is dead
littlefinger;Season 4;Id have you back Robin Arryn, Lord of the Vale
lady anya;Season 4;Robin Arryn is a sickly little boy
littlefinger;Season 4;And sickly little boys sometimes become powerful men
lady anya;Season 4;More often they die young
littlefinger;Season 4;I adored Lysa with all my heart But she loved her son so much, she became overprotective He needs to learn how to swing a sword How to ride a horse
lord royce;Season 4;Aye, its time
littlefinger;Season 4;Yes, its time Time for him to tour the Vale, to visit all the castles in his domain Time for Robin to leave the nest
boy;Season 4;Ser Barristan
ser barristan;Season 4;Yes? Who sent you?
ser jorah;Season 4;Ser Barristan
ser barristan;Season 4;Ser Jorah
ser jorah;Season 4;Have I forgotten a council meeting?
ser barristan;Season 4;No
ser jorah;Season 4;Whats this?
ser barristan;Season 4;A royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon You spied on her
ser jorah;Season 4;Who gave you this?
ser barristan;Season 4;Does it matter?
ser jorah;Season 4;Have you told her?
ser barristan;Season 4;I wanted to tell you first, man-to-man rather than go behind your back
ser jorah;Season 4;Let me speak with her in private
ser barristan;Season 4;Youll never be alone with her again
dany;Season 4;Why did the usurper pardon you?
ser jorah;Season 4;If we could speak alone
dany;Season 4;No, speak to me here Explain it to me
ser jorah;Season 4;Who do you think sent this to Meereen? Who profits? This is the work of Tywin Lannister He wants to divide us If were fighting each other, were not fighting him
dany;Season 4;The pardon was signed the year we met Why were you pardoned? Unless youre saying this document was forged
ser jorah;Season 4;It is not forged
dany;Season 4;Why, then?
ser jorah;Season 4;I sent letters to Varys, the spymaster of Kings Landing
dany;Season 4;What was the content of these letters?
ser jorah;Season 4;Information
dany;Season 4;What information?
ser jorah;Season 4;When you and Viserys arrived in Pentos His plan to marry you to Khal Drogo When you were married When your brother died
dany;Season 4;You told him I was carrying Drogos child?
ser jorah;Season 4;I.
dany;Season 4;Yes or no?
ser jorah;Season 4;Khaleesi
dany;Season 4;Dont call me that Did you tell him I was carrying Drogos child?
ser jorah;Season 4;Yes
dany;Season 4;That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information
ser jorah;Season 4;I stopped you from drinking his wine
dany;Season 4;Because you knew it was poisoned
ser jorah;Season 4;I suspected
dany;Season 4;You betrayed me from the first
ser jorah;Season 4;Forgive me I never meant please, Khaleesi, forgive me
dany;Season 4;You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brothers throne.
ser jorah;Season 4;I have protected you Fought for you Killed for you
dany;Season 4;and you want me to forgive you?
ser jorah;Season 4;I have loved you
dany;Season 4;Love? Love? How can you say that to me? Any other man, and I would have you executed But you, I do not want you in my city dead or alive Go back to your masters in Kings Landing Collect your pardon if you can
ser jorah;Season 4;Daenerys, please
dany;Season 4;Dont ever presume to touch me again or speak my name You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city If youre found in Meereen past break of day, Ill have your head thrown into Slavers Bay Go Now
ramsay;Season 4;Moat Cailin is yours, Father
lord bolton;Season 4;Walk with me Has there been any word from Locke?
ramsay;Season 4;No
ramsay;Season 4;Unimportant A cripple, a young boy None of the northern lords have seen them Dead most likely Most of the Ironborn have fled the North Now more will follow, thanks to you Tell me what you see
ramsay;Season 4;Moors, fields, hills
ramsay;Season 4;Tell me what you see
ramsay;Season 4;Nothing
roose;Season 4;Not nothing The North Ride 700 miles that way, youre still in the North 400 miles that way 300 miles that way The North is larger than the other six kingdoms combined And I am the Warden of the North The North is mine Now tell me, what is your name?
ramsay;Season 4;Ramsay Snow
roose;Season 4;No, not Ramsay Snow  a scroll it From this day until your last day, you are Ramsay Bolton, son of Roose Bolton, Warden of the North
ramsay;Season 4;You honor me I swear I will uphold your name and your tradition I will be worthy of you, Father, I promise
ramsay;Season 4;Come, Reek, Ill be needing a bath
cut to;Season 4;THE VALE
sansa;Season 4;Yes?
littlefinger;Season 4;First time I saw you, you were just a child A girl from the North come to the capital for the first time Not a child any longer Why did you help me?
sansa;Season 4;They would have thrown you through the Moon Door if they found you guilty
littlefinger;Season 4;Thats not an answer
sansa;Season 4;If theyd have executed you, what would they have done with me?
littlefinger;Season 4;I dont know
sansa;Season 4;Neither do I
littlefinger;Season 4;Better to gamble on the man you know than the strangers you dont? And you think you know me?
sansa;Season 4;I know what you want
littlefinger;Season 4;Do you?
cut to;Season 4;OUTSIDE THE VALE
sandor;Season 4;I thought itd make me happy, but it doesnt Not really Nothing makes you happy
arya;Season 4;Lots of things make me happy
sandor;Season 4;Like what?
arya;Season 4;Killing Polliver, killing Rorge
sandor;Season 4;So youre sad because you didnt get to kill Joffrey yourself Is that it?
arya;Season 4;At least I could have been there to watch I wanted to see the look in his eyes when he knew it was over
sandor;Season 4;Aye, nothing in the world beats that look
arya;Season 4;You protected him for most of his life You think you could have saved him?
sandor;Season 4;I wasnt the damn wine taster Little shit deserved to die, but poison poisons a womans weapon Men kill with steel
arya;Season 4;Thats your stupid pride talking Its why youll never be a great killer Id have killed Joffrey with a chicken bone if I had to
sandor;Season 4;  Id pay good money to see that  rubs his neck 
arya;Season 4;You should have let me burn it
sandor;Season 4;Its a fleabite
arya;Season 4;That fleabites got you walking a lot slower than you used to
sandor;Season 4;Well, we wont have to walk too much further
arya;Season 4;You really think my aunt will pay for me?
sandor;Season 4;Aye, shell pay
arya;Season 4;Ive never even met her
sandor;Season 4;Doesnt matter Youre her blood Family, honor, all that horseshit Its all you lords and ladies ever talk about
arya;Season 4;Im not a lady
guard;Season 4;Who would pass the Bloody Gate?
sandor;Season 4;The bloody Hound, Sandor Clegane And his traveling companion Arya Stark, niece of your lady Lysa Arryn
guard;Season 4;Then I offer my condolences Lady Arryn died Three days ago
cut to;Season 4;THE VALE
robin;Season 4;Ive never left home before, Uncle Petyr Im afraid to leave
littlefinger;Season 4;You shouldnt be
robin;Season 4;The Lord of the Vale belongs in the Eyrie, Mother said She said its not safe outside
littlefinger;Season 4;It wasnt safe for her inside People die at their dinner tables They die in their beds They die squatting over their chamber pots Everybody dies sooner or later Dont worry about your death Worry about your life Take charge of your life for as long as it lasts That is what it means to be Lord of the Vale
sansa;Season 4;Shall we go?
tyrion;Season 4;Wine always helps I thank you for it Trial by combat Deciding a mans guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces Tells you something about the gods How much longer?
jaime;Season 4;Soon
tyrion;Season 4;Do you think Oberyn has a chance? The Red Viper of Dorne You dont get a name like that unless youre deadly, right?
jaime;Season 4;Ive never seen him fight
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, hes going to die Im going to die
jaime;Season 4;Oberyn believes in himself
tyrion;Season 4;Thats putting it mildly Whats the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?
jaime;Season 4;Beheading
tyrion;Season 4;Seems rather ordinary And he was my nephew as well, so what is that? Fratricide is brothers Filicide is sons Nepoticide Thats the one Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide Theres no kind of killing that doesnt have its own word
jaime;Season 4;Cousins
tyrion;Season 4;Cousins, youre right There is no word for cousin killing Well done Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?
jaime;Season 4;Of course Wet-nurse dropped him on his head Left him simple
tyrion;Season 4;Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden Crushing beetles with a rock
together;Season 4;Khuu! Khuu! Khuu
tyrion;Season 4;Nothing made him happier
jaime;Season 4;Nothing made you happier Youd think being tormented from birth would have given you some affinity for the afflicted
tyrion;Season 4;On the contrary Laughing at another persons misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else
jaime;Season 4;The joke wore thin, though
tyrion;Season 4;For you You drifted away
jaime;Season 4;I had other interests
tyrion;Season 4;Yes, other interests But I stayed with Orson
jaime;Season 4;Why?
tyrion;Season 4;I was curious Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles? He gave me an answer Smash the beetles Smash em Khuu! Khuu! Khuu! I wasnt deterred I was the smartest person I knew Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron So I went to Maester Volariks library
jaime;Season 4;Volarik Tried to touch me once
tyrion;Season 4;Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons Doesnt seem right In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orsons affliction or the reason behind his relentless beetle slaughter So I went back to the source I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior  a beetle as I watched, I became more and more sure of it There was something happening there His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didnt understand But he wasnt mindless He had his reasons And I became possessed with knowing what they were I began to spend inordinate amounts of time watching him I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of khuu, khuu, khuu And when I wasnt watching him, I was thinking about him Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orsons beetles I read the histories of Targaryen conquests Did I hear dragon wings? No I heard khuu, khuu, khuu and I still couldnt figure out why he was doing it And I had to know, because it was horrible that all these beetles should be dying for no reason
jaime;Season 4;Every day around the world, men, women, and children are murdered by the score Who gives a dusty fuck about a bunch of beetles?
tyrion;Season 4;I know, I know But still, it filled me with dread Piles and piles of them, years and years of them How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies I tried to stop Orson once
jaime;Season 4;He was twice your size
tyrion;Season 4;He just pushed me aside with a khuu and kept on smashing Every day until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him  beetle back on the ground what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?
jaime;Season 4;I dont know
jaime;Season 4;Good luck today
tyrion;Season 4;Looks like very light armor
oberyn;Season 4;I like to move around
tyrion;Season 4;You could at least wear a helmet You shouldnt drink before a fight
oberyn;Season 4;You learn this during your years in the fighting pits? I always drink before a fight
tyrion;Season 4;It could get you killed It could get me killed
oberyn;Season 4;Today is not the day I die
ellaria;Season 4;Youre going to fight that?
oberyn;Season 4;Im going to kill that
ellaria;Season 4;He is the biggest man Ive ever seen
oberyn;Season 4;Size does not matter when you are flat on your back
tyrion;Season 4;Thank the gods
pycell;Season 4;In the sight of gods and men, we gather to ascertain the guilt or innocence of this man Tyrion Lannister May the Mother grant them mercy May the Father give them such justice as they deserve And may the Warrior guide the hand of our champion.
ellaria;Season 4;Dont leave me alone in this world
oberyn;Season 4;Never
oberyn;Season 4;Have they told you who I am?
mountain;Season 4;Some dead man
oberyn;Season 4;I am the brother of Elia Martell Do you know why I have come all the way to this stinking shit-pile of a city? For you
oberyn;Season 4;Im going to hear you confess before you die You raped my sister You murdered her You killed her children Say it now and we can make this quick
oberyn;Season 4;Say it You raped her You murdered her You killed her children
oberyn;Season 4;You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children
oberyn;Season 4;You raped her! You murdered her
oberyn;Season 4;You killed her children
oberyn;Season 4;Wait Are you dying? No, no, no You cant die yet You havent confessed Say it Say her name Elia Martell You raped her You killed her children Elia Martell Who gave you the order? Who gave you the order?! Say her name! You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children Say it Say her name Say it
mountain;Season 4;Elia Martell I killed her children Then I raped her Then I smashed her head in like this
sam;Season 4;What was she like?
jon;Season 4;She she had red hair
sam;Season 4;Oh? How big were her feet?
jon;Season 4;Well what do you want me to say?
sam;Season 4;I want you to tell me what it was like to have someone To be with someone To love someone and have them love you back Were all gonna die a lot sooner than Id planned Youre the closest Ill ever get to know it
jon;Season 4;So you and Gilly never
sam;Season 4;No she just had a baby! and she never offered
jon;Season 4;But if she had, you wouldve? Youd have broken your vows?
sam;Season 4;The interesting thing is, our vows never specifically forbid intimate relations with women
jon;Season 4;What?
sam;Season 4;I shall take no wife yes, thats in there, theres no denying that I shall father no children its very specific But what our vows have to say about other activities is open to interpretation
jon;Season 4;I dont think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation
sam;Season 4;Anyway, theres nothing for him to interpret We didnt So whats it like?
jon;Season 4;Its theres this person, this whole other person And youre wrapped up in them and theyre wrapped up in you and you for a little for a little while youre more than just you, youre well I dont know, Im not a bleedin poet
sam;Season 4;No, youre really not
jon;Season 4;And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart
sam;Season 4;Therell be arrows for all of us soon I imagine
jon;Season 4;There will
sam;Season 4;Theyve already done the worst thing to me they could ever do
jon;Season 4;Go get some sleep, Sam Ill take this watch
tormund;Season 4;Did I ever tell you about her? My Sheila?
ygritte;Season 4;Yes
tormund;Season 4;Oh that was a night to remember Of course, Id had a good bit to drink   the fangs were sharp, but she knew how to use them And she was nice and soft down below No, she was no ordinary beast Manys the man who-
ygritte;Season 4;I know you never fucked a bear You know you never fucked a bear Right now I dont wanna think about the bear you never fucked Right now all I want to think about is each one of these arrows finding its way into a Crows heart
tormund;Season 4;We could be waiting here a while
ygritte;Season 4;Good The longer we wait, the more arrows Ill have When they came up here, to our land, and put up a big wall and said it was theirs Then they started hunting us down But this time, were the ones doing the hunting
styr;Season 4;Youve got a lot to say about killing Even more words than arrows
ygritte;Season 4;Back in those villages I killed just as many of them as you did More, I reckon
styr;Season 4;Yes But none of those were your Crow lover
ygritte;Season 4;I probably killed him already
styr;Season 4;So youve said
ygritte;Season 4;And if not The only thing left of him is gonna be his fun-bits hanging around me neck
styr;Season 4;And more words Know what I think you do when you see him? Serve him up a nice juicy slice of ginger minge
ygritte;Season 4;What, you been thinkin about that ginger minge? Wondering what it tastes like?
styr;Season 4;Maybe I have
ygritte;Season 4;Jon Snow is mine   Anyone else tries to kill him, Ill have an arrow for them   And not one of your bald friends is fast enough to stop me
aemon;Season 4;And what is it that couldnt wait until morning, Tarly?
sam;Season 4;Maester Aemon How did you know
aemon;Season 4;That it was you? Who else but Samwell Tarly would be wasting candles to read in the middle of the night?
sam;Season 4;Let me help you
aemon;Season 4;Oh, no need I know my way around this library better than any other place in Castle Black Thousands of books and no eyes to read them Old age is a wonderful source of ironies if nothing else But you didnt answer my question, what are you reading?
sam;Season 4;Maester Faull
aemon;Season 4;Ah, the Wildlings I can assure you that the closest Maester Faull ever got to a Wildling was this very library
sam;Season 4;But what he says about what they do its all true Its exactly what the survivors of their raids report
aemon;Season 4;Yes Imagine the stories Wildlings tell about us! Love is the death of duty I told that to your friend Jon Snow once He didnt listen and neither did you Thats why you abandoned your watch atop the wall to come here and read about the things that may have happened to the girl you love
sam;Season 4;I dont love her
aemon;Season 4;Yes you do
sam;Season 4;No
aemon;Season 4;Yes you do! I heard it in your voice when you first brought her to me I remember how it sounds! I was in love once
sam;Season 4;You were?
aemon;Season 4;You can imagine all manner of horrors befalling that poor girl and her child, is it so difficult to imagine that an old person was once, more or less, like you?
sam;Season 4;Im sorry Maester, I didnt mean it like that
aemon;Season 4;You know who I was before I came here? What I couldve been if Id only said the word? Of course you do I met many girls when I was Aemon Targaryen A future king always does Some of them were quite forward in their attempts to win my affections One of them succeeded I was very young
sam;Season 4;Who was she?
aemon;Season 4;Ah ha I could tell you everything about her Who she was How we met The color of her eyes and the shape of her nose I can see her right in front of me Shes more real than you are We could spend all night trading tales of lost love Nothing makes the past a sweeter place to visit than the prospect of imminent death Go to bed Tarly
pyp;Season 4;Im sorry, I cant open the gate for nobody Its orders
gilly;Season 4;They killed everyone! Everyone but me and my baby And theyre out there I saw them on the way here, they may have seen me, they may have followed me please
pyp;Season 4;Im sorry, I cant
gilly;Season 4;If they find the boy, you dont know what theyll do
sam;Season 4;Pyp! Open the gate
pyp;Season 4;I cant
gilly;Season 4;Sam, is that you?
sam;Season 4;Yes
pyp;Season 4;Thorne gave me strict orders to not open the gate
sam;Season 4;Oh, Pyp Open the fucking gate
pyp;Season 4;Ive never heard you curse before
sam;Season 4;Yes, well, best get used to it
sam;Season 4;Are you alright? Shh, youre alright Yeah, of course you are my brave little fella
gilly;Season 4;It was horrible
sam;Season 4;Im so so sorry I didnt know until I got back
gilly;Season 4;Dont let them send me away, Sam
sam;Season 4;Never
gilly;Season 4;I know theres no women allowed
sam;Season 4;Anyone who tries to throw you out will be having words with me From now on, wherever you go, I go too
alliser;Season 4;Get ready
thenn warg;Season 4;Its time
janos;Season 4;Pick up the pace
jon;Season 4;There we go, boys Thats one Theres two Come on, lets get the next lot Thats the last of the oil, Ser Alliser
alliser;Season 4;A hundred thousand you say?
jon;Season 4;Yes sir
alliser;Season 4;You can say it if you like We shouldve sealed the tunnel while we had the chance like you suggested
jon;Season 4;It was a difficult decision either way, Ser
alliser;Season 4;Do you know what leadership means, Lord Snow? It means that the person in charge gets second-guessed by every clever little twat with a mouth But if he starts second-guessing himself, thats the end For him For the clever little twats For everyone This is not the end Not for us Not if you lot do your duty for however long it takes to beat them back And then you get to go on hating me and I get to go on wishing your Wildling whore had finished the job
sam;Season 4;Youll be safe down here Ill check on you as soon as I can
gilly;Season 4;Youre leaving me again?
sam;Season 4;Im not leaving you
gilly;Season 4;Youre going up there and were staying down here Thats leaving You said from now on wed stay together
sam;Season 4;I I didnt mean in the same room
gilly;Season 4;What are you going to do out there?
sam;Season 4;Help my brothers
gilly;Season 4;How?! You going to fight the Free Folk when they come? Theyll kill you In Molestown they killed everyone
sam;Season 4;I cant just hide here with you while theyre fighting out there
gilly;Season 4;Why not? You wont matter up there, you will down here
sam;Season 4;Look I am a man of the Nights Watch, Gilly I made a promise to defend The Wall and I have to keep it, because thats what men do
gilly;Season 4;Promise me you wont die
sam;Season 4;I promise you I wont die
sam;Season 4;Theres a lot more Wildlings on the other side of the wall than this side Weve got us some weapons and things This is the perfect place for us to be
pyp;Season 4;Ive never thrown a spear before Ive never held a sword with a proper edge Theres no place for me to be Youre not afraid?
sam;Season 4;Of course Im afraid, theres a band of Wildlings coming to kill us
pyp;Season 4;Well if youre afraid of a band of Wildlings, how in seven hells did you manage to kill a White Walker?
sam;Season 4;I didnt know I was going to kill it, but I had to do something I didnt have any choice, he was going to kill Gilly and take the baby If someone had asked me my name right then, I wouldnt have known I wasnt Samwell Tarly anymore I wasnt a Steward in the Nights Watch or son of Randyll Tarly or any of that I was nothing at all And when youre nothing at all, theres no more reason to be afraid
pyp;Season 4;But youre afraid now?
sam;Season 4;Yes, well, Im not nothing anymore
ygritte;Season 4;Most of their men are up top Didnt count more than twenty down there Leftovers Theyve got a little fat one and a little bony one manning the front
styr;Season 4;How high are the walls?
ygritte;Season 4;Well, well be up and over before they know whats happened
tormund;Season 4;Lets kill some Crows
tormund;Season 4;  Come on!  the fire 
alliser;Season 4;Archers knock, everyone else hold
alliser;Season 4;I said knock and hold you cunts! Does knock mean draw?
nights watch;Season 4;No Ser
alliser;Season 4;Does fucking hold mean fucking drop?
nights watch;Season 4;No Ser
alliser;Season 4;You all plan to die here tonight?
nights watch;Season 4;No Ser
alliser;Season 4;Thats very good to hear Draw
member;Season 4;Help, down below
janos;Season 4;Theyre attacking the southern gates
alliser;Season 4;Now?
janos;Season 4;Now
alliser;Season 4;Im going down then Brother Slynt, you have The Wall
janos;Season 4;What?
alliser;Season 4;What are you fucking waiting for, loose
janos;Season 4;You heard the man Loose
tormund;Season 4;You, over there
sam;Season 4;Did you get one?
pyp;Season 4;No Ah shit, Pyp Shit Sam
sam;Season 4;Yeah?
pyp;Season 4;I think were gonna die
sam;Season 4;If you keep missing we will
alliser;Season 4;Brothers! A hundred generations have defended this castle Weve never fallen before She will not fall tongiht Those are Things at our walls They eat the flesh of the men they kill Do you want to fill the belly of a Thing tonight?
nights watch;Season 4;No
alliser;Season 4;Tonight we fight And when the sun rises I promise you, Castle Black will stand
alliser;Season 4;The Nights Watch will stand
alliser;Season 4;With me now! Now, with me
janos;Season 4;No discipline No training Gang of thieves, thats all this is I commanded the city watch of Kings Landing Those men obeyed orders
jon;Season 4;We cant just let them attack the gate
janos;Season 4;The bars of those gates are four inches of cold, rolled steel
jon;Season 4;Those are giants riding mammoths down there Do you think your cold, rolled steels gonna stop them?
janos;Season 4;No such thing as giants Theyre stories for the children
grenn;Season 4;Brother Slynt! Ive just got word that Ser Alliser needs you below Youre the most experienced man hes got, he said he needs ya
janos;Season 4;Needed below? Yes Yes
jon;Season 4;Archers! Knock your arrows! Draw! Loose
jon;Season 4;They wont summit before dawn
grenn;Season 4;How do you know that?
jon;Season 4;Because Ive made that claim
ed;Season 4;I think theyre in a bigger hurry than you were
jon;Season 4;Knock! Draw! Loose
pyp;Season 4;I got one Right through the heart, hes dead
sam;Season 4;Oh, is it over?
pyp;Season 4;Huh?
sam;Season 4;Well then  a loaded crossbow 
sam;Season 4;Youre alright Youre alright Ill get help Shh, shh Maester Aemon is coming, hes gonna make it alright
jon;Season 4;Now
ed;Season 4;Now
jon;Season 4;  The outer gate wont hold Take five men, hold the inner gate
grenn;Season 4;Alright
jon;Season 4; arm the gate If they make it through.
grenn;Season 4;They wont Come on Hill! And you Cooper! You three, on me! Come on you lazy bastards
jon;Season 4;Oil
ed;Season 4;Oil on the ramp
alliser;Season 4;Protect the gate
alliser;Season 4;Hold the fucking gate! Hold it
sam;Season 4;  We need more men down here
grenn;Season 4;We have to hold the gate
sam;Season 4;But we need men here
grenn;Season 4;Tell Jon! Hes in command  men behind him go
sam;Season 4;  Get me to the top! You hear me?
sam;Season 4;Your names Olly, right? Listen to me Olly, get me to the top and when we give a signal, bring us back down Do you hear me?
sam;Season 4;And find a weapon, Olly Fight them
jon;Season 4;What are you doing up here?
sam;Season 4;The Wildlings are over the walls Ser Alliser has fallen The castle walls cant stand much longer
jon;Season 4;Ed You have The Wall If they try the mammoths again, drop fire on them If the climbers get too high, drop the scythe on them
jon;Season 4;Two brothers now fight with me
ed;Season 4;Might as well enjoy our last night, right boys? Light the fuckers up Knock! Draw! Loose
donnel;Season 4;How are we gonna stop that?
cooper;Season 4;We shot twenty-eight arrows in him already
grenn;Season 4;You heard Jon, we hold the gate
donnel;Season 4;Jon Snows not Lord Commander
grenn;Season 4;We hold the gate
donnel;Season 4;Mother save me Father save me
grenn;Season 4;The gods arent down here Its the six of us, you hear me?
donnel;Season 4;No, please
grenn;Season 4;Night gathers, and now my watch begins It shall not end until my death I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children I shall wear no crowns All
together;Season 4;And win no glory I shall live and die at my post I am the sword in the darkness I am the watcher on the walls I am the shield that guards the realms of men I pledge my life and honor to the Nights Watch, for this night and all the nights to come
jon;Season 4;  I dont want you out there
sam;Season 4;You cant protect me forever There wont be anywhere to hide if the castle falls
jon;Season 4;I need him more than I need you
sam;Season 4;We need you boy
ygritte;Season 4;Jon Snow
jon;Season 4;No, shh, dont talk
ygritte;Season 4;Do you remember that cave?
ygritte;Season 4;We shouldve stayed in that cave
jon;Season 4;Well go back there
ygritte;Season 4;You know nothing, Jon Snow
ed;Season 4;Drop the scythe, boys
ed;Season 4;Hoister up
ed;Season 4;Theyve had enough for one night
ed;Season 4;Dont cheer too loud They still outnumber us a thousand to one
jon;Season 4;Tormund Its over, let it end
tormund;Season 4;This is how a man ends
jon;Season 4;Put him in chains Well question him later
tormund;Season 4;I shouldve thrown you from the top of your wall boy
jon;Season 4;Aye, you shouldve
sam;Season 4;Woah! Its me Its me I promised you, didnt I?
sam;Season 4;We held them off
jon;Season 4;For one night
sam;Season 4;This is a great victory
jon;Season 4;Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses He almost made it through And he has more giants, he has more mammoths He has a thousand times as many men Theyll hit us again tonight Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we can never beat them
sam;Season 4;Where are you going?
jon;Season 4;Im going to find Mance
sam;Season 4;To you cant do that No one gave you any orders
jon;Season 4;Whos left to give orders? The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance He united a hundred warring tribes Without Mance they lose their leader They lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their home
sam;Season 4;Without Mance? Youre going to kill him?
jon;Season 4;Im going to try
sam;Season 4;Theyll never let you within a hundred yards of him And if you did, even if you managed to kill him
jon;Season 4;Hell kill me If I dont go hell kill me anyway Theyll kill the rest of us too
sam;Season 4;He wont just kill ya Theyll boil you Theyll filet you Theyll make it last days
jon;Season 4;Youre right Its a bad plan Whats your plan?
jon;Season 4;They held the gate Get some brothers down here to help you You need to burn the bodies Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as Im out
sam;Season 4;What are you doing?
jon;Season 4;I promised Jeor Id never lose it again  the sword to Sam case I dont come back
mance;Season 4;Youre wearing a black cloak again
jon;Season 4;Ive been sent to negotiate with you
mance;Season 4;It appears my trusting nature got the better of me Its happened before I was hoping your loyalty was real when you pledged yourself to us, Jon Snow, truly I was
jon;Season 4;The Halfhand ordered me to join your army and bring back whatever information I could to Castle Black He made me kill him so youd trust me I was loyal, to him and to my Nights Watch vows
mance;Season 4;All of your vows? She wasnt enough to turn ya, eh? Were you enough to turn her?
jon;Season 4;She put three arrows in me when I escaped
mance;Season 4;Did you see her again at Castle Black?
jon;Season 4;Yes
mance;Season 4;And?
jon;Season 4;Shes dead
mance;Season 4;Your doing?
jon;Season 4;No
mance;Season 4;Well drink to her
mance;Season 4;Of all the ways Id kill you, poison would be the last
mance;Season 4;Ygritte
jon;Season 4;Ygritte
jon;Season 4;Thats not wine
mance;Season 4;No, its a proper Northern drink, Jon Snow You did well Fought hard Killed some of our strongest men One of our giants went into your tunnel and never came out again Mag the Mighty
jon;Season 4;Hes dead He killed my friend Grenn
mance;Season 4;He was their king Last of a bloodline that stretches back before the First Men
jon;Season 4;Grenn came from a farm
mance;Season 4;Mag and Grenn
jon;Season 4;Grenn and Mag
mance;Season 4;Kullback, could I trouble you for something to eat? I dont imagine our guest has eaten anything in quite some time So Youre here to strike a bargain?
jon;Season 4;Turn your army around and go home
mance;Season 4;You know I know youre low on arrows Youre low on oil Youre low on men How many are left? 50?
jon;Season 4;I told Tormund and Orell We have more than a thousand men
mance;Season 4;I showed you everything I had The whole army, a hundred thousand strong, and what did you do? You fired on us with everything you had It wasnt much Soon as I saw that I sent four hundred men to climb the wall An unmanned stretch five miles west of here A lot of them will die climbing, but most of them will be over by the end of the day This is me being honest with you, Jon Snow, which is more than youve ever done for me My people have bled enough Were not here to conquer, were here to hide behind your wall just like you We need your tunnel Now we both know that winter is coming and if my people arent south of the wall when it comes in earnest, well all end up worse than dead Wanna strike a bargain with me? Heres a bargain You go back, you open the gates to us and I swear to you that no one else will die Refuse and well kill every last man in Castle Black
mance;Season 4;Ah! Oh, thats why youre here I reckon you could do it before any of them could stop ya Theyd kill you of course, theyd kill ya slow, but ya knew that when you came in here Are you capable of that, Jon Snow? Killing a man in his own tent when hes just offered ya peace? Is that what the Nights Watch is? Is that what you are?
mance;Season 4;You attacking us?
jon;Season 4;No, its like you said, we dont have the men
mance;Season 4;Hold! To me To me
mance;Season 4;Stand down! I said my people have bled enough and I meant it
stannis;Season 4;Youre the king beyond the wall?
stannis;Season 4;You know who I am?
mance;Season 4;Never had the pleasure
davos;Season 4;This is Stannis Baratheon, the one true king of the seven kingdoms
mance;Season 4;Were not in the seven kingdoms and youre not dressed for this weather
stannis;Season 4;It is customary to kneel when surrendering to a king
mance;Season 4;We do not kneel
stannis;Season 4;Ill have thousands of your men in chains by nightfall, Ill have nowhere to put them and nothing to feed them Im not here to slaughter beat dogs Their fate depends on their king
mance;Season 4;All the same, we do not kneel
stannis;Season 4;Take these men away
davos;Season 4;What are men of the Nights Watch doing in a Wildling camp?
jon;Season 4;I was sent to discuss terms with the king beyond the wall
davos;Season 4;Youre speaking to the one true king boy Youll address him as your grace
jon;Season 4;I know hes the king My father died for him My name is Jon Snow, your grace Im Ned Starks son
stannis;Season 4;Your father was an honorable man
jon;Season 4;He was, your grace
stannis;Season 4;What do you think hed have done with him?
jon;Season 4;I was this mans prisoner once He couldve tortured me, he couldve killed me, but he spared my life I think my father wouldve taken him prisoner, listened to what he had to say
stannis;Season 4;Very well   Take him
jon;Season 4;Your grace If my fatherd seen the things that Ive seen, hed also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall All of them
pycelle;Season 4;I would suggest milk of the poppy to ease his pain but he is completely insensate
cersei;Season 4;Bloody Martells
pycelle;Season 4;The cause appears to be manticore venom
qyburn;Season 4;It is, yes, manticore
pycelle;Season 4;Ive read a good deal about it Its a horrible poison, usually Mantari in origin Oh! Yes, yes Theres nothing to be done
qyburn;Season 4;Yes there is
pycelle;Season 4;May I ask what you think youre doing?
qyburn;Season 4;Saving him
pycelle;Season 4;Your grace I wish it were otherwise, but Ser Gregor is beyond saving Well, well beyond This man is not even a Maester, let alone Grand Maester
qyburn;Season 4;Thats for the best No Maester knows how to save him
pycelle;Season 4;That is exactly the sort of arrogance that had him expelled from the citadel, your grace His curiosity was deemed dangerous and unnatural Rightly so in my opinion
cersei;Season 4;Youre dismissed, Grand Maester
pycelle;Season 4;Your grace This is my laboratory
cersei;Season 4;Not anymore
cersei;Season 4;You can save him?
qyburn;Season 4;Difficult to say, your grace, but if my past work is any guide We stand a chance
cersei;Season 4;Do everything you can Come to me with anything you need
qyburn;Season 4;Thank you, your grace You should know, the process may change him, somewhat
cersei;Season 4;Will it weaken him?
qyburn;Season 4;Oh no
cersei;Season 4;Very well then
tywin;Season 4;Not another word Weve been over this, the matters closed
cersei;Season 4;Im opening it again
tywin;Season 4;You are betrothed to Loras Tyrell Still betrothed to Loras Tyrell and you will marry Loras Tyrell as soon as Tommen marries Margaery
cersei;Season 4;I will not
tywin;Season 4;Jaime cannot marry or inherit lands Tyrions sentence will be carried out tomorrow You have, on several occasions, made great claims about your commitment to this familys future Your role in that future is more vital now than it ever was
cersei;Season 4;I dont care I will stay in Kings Landing where I belong with my son, the king
tywin;Season 4;When you were nine years old, I was called to the capital I decided to take your brother with me and not you You insisted that you would not be left at Casterly Rock under any circumstances and if you recall
cersei;Season 4;Im not interested in hearing another one of your smug stories about the time you won This isnt going to be one of those times
tywin;Season 4;Do you think youll be the first person dragged into a sept to be married against her will?
cersei;Season 4;When you marched into the throne room to tell me wed won the Battle at Blackwater, do you remember?! I was sitting on the iron throne with Tommen I was about to give him essence of nightshade, thats how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away Someone awful is coming to take him away
tywin;Season 4;No
cersei;Season 4;Joffrey is dead Myrcellas been sold like livestock And now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy Margaery will dig her claws in and you will dig your claws in and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen
tywin;Season 4;And how will you do that?
cersei;Season 4;Ill tell everyone the truth
tywin;Season 4;And what truth would that be?
cersei;Season 4;You dont know, do you? You never believed it How is that possible? What am I saying, of course its possible How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there in front of you and you didnt see us One look in the past twenty years, one real look and you wouldve known
tywin;Season 4;Known what?
cersei;Season 4;Everything they say is true About Jaime and me
tywin;Season 4;No, no, no, no, no
cersei;Season 4;Your legacy is a lie
tywin;Season 4;I dont believe you
cersei;Season 4;Yes you do
cersei;Season 4;Jaime
jaime;Season 4;You won One fewer brother Must be proud of yourself Theres really nothing you wouldnt do, is there?
cersei;Season 4;For my family, no I would do things for my family you couldnt imagine
jaime;Season 4;Tyrion is your family
cersei;Season 4;Hes not
jaime;Season 4;You dont get to choose
cersei;Season 4;I do, so do you You can choose the creature that killed our mother to come into this world
jaime;Season 4;Are you really mad enough to blame him for that? He didnt decide to kill her He was an infant
cersei;Season 4;A disease doesnt decide to kill you, all the same you cut it out before it does What do you decide? What do you choose?
jaime;Season 4;The things I did to get back to you, to endure all that, only to find you
cersei;Season 4;I choose you
jaime;Season 4;Those are words
cersei;Season 4;Yes Like the ones I just said to father I told him
jaime;Season 4;Told him what?
cersei;Season 4;I told him about us
jaime;Season 4;You told him?
cersei;Season 4;I told him I wouldnt marry Loras Tyrell I told him Im staying right here with Tommen, with you
jaime;Season 4;You think hell just accept that?
cersei;Season 4;Go and ask him
jaime;Season 4;What did you say?
cersei;Season 4;I dont want to talk about Tywin Lannister I dont choose Tywin Lannister, I dont love Tywin Lannister I love my brother I love my lover People will whisper, theyll make their jokes Let them Theyre all so small I cant even see them I only see what matters
jaime;Season 4;Someone will walk in
cersei;Season 4;I dont care
mereen missandei;Season 4;  You stand before Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Mereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons
fennesz;Season 4;  Thank you for seeing me, your grace My name is Fennesz I can speak the common tongue if you wish
daenerys;Season 4;You speak it very well
fennesz;Season 4;Before you freed me, I belonged to Master Mighdal I was tutor to his children I taught them languages and history They know a great deal about your family because of me Little Calla is only seven, but she admires you very much
daenerys;Season 4;I hope I can prove worthy of her admiration What can I do for you?
fennesz;Season 4;When you took the city, the children begged me not to leave the house But Master Mighdal and I agreed that I must So I lost my home Now I live on the streets
daenerys;Season 4;I have outfitted mess halls to feed all former slaves and barracks to shelter them
fennesz;Season 4;I do not mean to offend, your grace I went to one of these places The young prey on the old Take what they want and beat us if we resist
daenerys;Season 4;My Unsullied will make them safe again in short order my friend, this I promise you
fennesz;Season 4;Even if they are safe, who would I be there? What purpose would I serve? With my master, I was a teacher I had the respect and love of these children
daenerys;Season 4;What is it that you want from me?
fennesz;Season 4;Your grace, I ask you to let me sell myself back to Master Mighdal
daenerys;Season 4;You want to return to a man who owned you, like a goat or a chair?
fennesz;Season 4;Please, your grace, the young may rejoice in the new world youve built for them But for those of us too old to change there is only fear and squalor I am not alone There are many outside waiting to beg the same
daenerys;Season 4;I did not take this city to preside over the injustice I fought to destroy I took it to bring people freedom But freedom means making your own choices I will allow you to sign a contract with your former master It may not cover a period lasting longer than a year
fennesz;Season 4;Thank you, your grace Thank you
barristan;Season 4;The masters will take advantage of this situation The men serving them will be slaves in all but name
daenerys;Season 4;Approach my friend
man;Season 4; Valyrian do not understand, my queen I do not understand, my queen
missandei;Season 4; Valyrian Queen says you may approach
man;Season 4; , speaking Low Valyrian 
missandei;Season 4;  I have brought you He came from the sky The black one The winged shadow He came from the sky and.
missandei;Season 4;  My girl My little girl
daenerys;Season 4;What was her name?
missandei;Season 4;Zala, your grace
daenerys;Season 4;How old was she?
missandei;Season 4;Three
daenerys;Season 4;Three   And still no word on Drogon?
grey worm;Season 4;  Sailors saw him flying over the Black Cliffs three days ago, my queen Nothing since then
daenerys;Season 4;  Meet me in the catacombs
aemon;Season 4;They came to us from White Harbor and Barrowton, from Fairmarket and Kings Landing, from north and south, from east and west They died protecting men, women, and children who will never know their names It is for us to remember them Our brothers, we shall never see their like again
all together;Season 4;And now their watch is ended
aemon;Season 4;And now their watch is ended.Aemon passes the torch around as each member of the Nights Watch helps burn the bodies Stannis watches from above
tormund;Season 4;Your old blind man patched me up Why?
jon;Season 4;Hes sworn to treat all wounded men, friend or foe
tormund;Season 4;You want me alive so you can torture me?
jon;Season 4;No ones going to torture you
tormund;Season 4;So how do we die? Hanging? Beheading? Drop us from the top of the wall?
jon;Season 4;I dont know what happens to the prisoners
tormund;Season 4;Who decides?
jon;Season 4;I suppose Stannis does
tormund;Season 4;He your king now?
jon;Season 4;I dont have a king
tormund;Season 4;You spent too much time with us, Jon Snow You can never be a kneeler again
jon;Season 4;Were gonna burn the bodies of your dead Do you want to say any words over them?
tormund;Season 4;Words? What kind of words?
jon;Season 4;Funeral words I dont know how the Free Folk do it
tormund;Season 4;Do what?
jon;Season 4;Say farewell
tormund;Season 4;The dead cant hear us, boy
tormund;Season 4;Snow Did you love her? She loved you
jon;Season 4;She told you?
tormund;Season 4;No All she ever talked about was killing you Thats how I know She belongs in the North The real North You understand me?
meera;Season 4;We can stop, we can rest
jojen;Season 4;Well rest with the three-eyed raven
meera;Season 4;Were not going to make it
jojen;Season 4;Were already here
bran;Season 4;Jojen Jojen! Look, Jojen, look
meera;Season 4;JOJEN! Hold on
bran;Season 4;Help them! Now
meera;Season 4;Hold on to me
hodor;Season 4;Hodor.
bran;Season 4;Help them
jojen;Season 4;Bran! Save yourself, now
girl;Season 4;Come with me, Brandon Stark
girl;Season 4;He is lost Come with me, or die with him
girl;Season 4;They cannot follow us The power that moves them is powerless here
bran;Season 4;Who are you?
girl;Season 4;The First Men called us The Children, but we were born long before them Come, he waits for you
bran;Season 4;You’re the three-eyed raven
old man;Season 4;I have been many things Now, I am what you see
meera;Season 4;My brother, he led us to you, and now he
old man;Season 4;He knew what would happen From the moment he left, he knew, and he went anyway
meera;Season 4;How do you know?
old man;Season 4;I’ve been watching you All of you, all of your lives, with a thousand eyes and one Now you’ve come to me at last, Brandon Stark, though the hour is late
bran;Season 4;I didn’t want anyone to die for me
old man;Season 4;He died so that you could find what you have lost
bran;Season 4;You’re going to help me walk again?
old man;Season 4;You’ll never walk again But you will fly
brienne;Season 4;Podrick Podrick! Where are the horses?
podrick;Season 4;I hobbled them last night
brienne;Season 4;What sort of hobble?
podrick;Season 4;A figure-eight, like you taught me
brienne;Season 4;If you did it like I taught you then the horses would be here
podrick;Season 4;Thieves, maybe?
brienne;Season 4;It’s at least thirty miles to the Eyrie from here You’re carrying the saddle bags
arya;Season 4;People coming You can shit later, there’s people coming
brienne;Season 4;Morning
arya;Season 4;Morning
brienne;Season 4;I like your sword Are we getting close to the bloody gate?
arya;Season 4;About ten more miles
brienne;Season 4;Did you hear that Podrick? Only about ten more miles to the Bloody Gate
arya;Season 4;Are you a knight?
brienne;Season 4;No
arya;Season 4;But you know how to use that sword
brienne;Season 4;I do
arya;Season 4;Does it have a name?
brienne;Season 4;Oathkeeper
arya;Season 4;Mine’s Needle
brienne;Season 4;Good name
arya;Season 4;Who taught you how to fight?
brienne;Season 4;My father
arya;Season 4;Mine never wanted to Said fighting was for boys
brienne;Season 4;Mine said the same But I kept fighting the boys anyway Kept losing Finally my father said, If you’re going to do it, you might as well do it right
brienne;Season 4;Seven blessings I’m Brienne of Tarth, this is Podrick Payne
sandor;Season 4;You want something?
podrick;Season 4;That’s Sandor Clegane the Hound
brienne;Season 4;You’re Arya Stark
sandor;Season 4;I asked if you wanted something
brienne;Season 4;I swore to your mother I would bring you home to her
arya;Season 4;My mother’s dead
brienne;Season 4;I know I wish I could’ve been there to protect her
arya;Season 4;You’re not a northerner
brienne;Season 4;I know, but I swore a sacred vow to protect her
arya;Season 4;Why didn’t you?
brienne;Season 4;She commanded me to bring Jaime Lannister back to King’s Landing
sandor;Season 4;You’re paid by the Lannisters You’re here for the bounty on me
brienne;Season 4;I’m not paid by the Lannisters
sandor;Season 4;No? Fancy sword you’ve got there Where’d you get it? I’ve been looking at Lannister gold all my life Go on, Brienne of fucking Tarth, tell me that’s not Lannister gold
brienne;Season 4;Jaime Lannister gave me this sword
arya;Season 4;The Bloody Gate’s ten miles
brienne;Season 4;I swore to your mother by the Old Gods and the New
arya;Season 4;I don’t care what you swore
brienne;Season 4;Arya
sandor;Season 4;You heard the girl! She’s not coming with you
brienne;Season 4;She is
sandor;Season 4;You’re not a good listener Valyrian steel I’ve always wanted some Valyrian steel
brienne;Season 4;Come with me Arya I’ll take you to safety
sandor;Season 4;Safety?! Where the fuck’s that? Her aunt in the Eyrie’s dead Her mother’s dead, her father’s dead, her brother’s dead Winterfell’s a pile of rubble There’s no safety, you dumb bitch If you don’t know that by now, you’re the wrong one to watch over her
brienne;Season 4;And that’s what you’re doing? Watching over her?
sandor;Season 4;Aye, that’s what I’m doing
brienne;Season 4;I have no wish to kill you Ser
sandor;Season 4;I’m not a knight
brienne;Season 4;Arya! Arya! ARYA! Where is she?
podrick;Season 4;She was just here.
brienne;Season 4;Why weren’t you watching her?
podrick;Season 4;I was watching you I thought you migth need some help
brienne;Season 4;Which way Pod? Which way did she go?
podrick;Season 4;Ah, I think that way
brienne;Season 4;Arya
sandor;Season 4;You’re still here? Big bitch saved you
arya;Season 4;I don’t need saving
sandor;Season 4;No, not you You’re a real killer With your water dancing, and your needle
arya;Season 4;You’re gonna die?
sandor;Season 4;Unless there’s a Maester hiding behind that rock, aye, I’m done I’d skin you alive for wine Fuck water! Killed by a woman I bet you liked that Go on, go after her She’ll help you Going out alone, you won’t last a day out there
arya;Season 4;I’ll last longer than you
sandor;Season 4;You remember where the heart is? Fuck it I’m ready Go on, girl Another name off your list You kept promising me I cut down your butcher’s boy, the ginger He was begging for mercy Please sir, please don’t kill me, please, please Bled all over my horse Saddle stunk of butcher’s boy for weeks And your sister, your pretty sister I should’ve taken her That night the Blackwater burned, I should’ve fucked her bloody At least I’d have one happy memory! Do I have to beg you? Do it Do it
sandor;Season 4;Kill me Kill me! Kill me! Kill me
tyrion;Season 4;Oh, get on with it you son of a whore
jaime;Season 4;Is that any way to speak about our mother?
tyrion;Season 4;What’re you doing?
jaime;Season 4;What do you think I’m doing? The galley’s waiting in the bay bound for the Free Cities
tyrion;Season 4;Who’s helping you?
jaime;Season 4;Varys
tyrion;Season 4;Varys?
jaime;Season 4;You have more friends than you thought
jaime;Season 4;There’s a locked door at the top of the stairs Knock on it twice, and then twice again Varys will open
tyrion;Season 4;I suppose this is goodbye, then
jaime;Season 4;Farewell, little brother
tyrion;Season 4;Jaime, thank you For my life
jaime;Season 4;Quickly now
woman;Season 4;Tywin my lion.
tyrion;Season 4;I’m sorry I’m sorry
tywin;Season 4;Tyrion! Put down the crossbow Who released you? Ah, your brother ,I expect He always had a soft spot for you Come, we’ll go and talk in my chambers Is this how you want to speak to me? Shaming your father has always given you pleasure
tyrion;Season 4;All my life, you’ve wanted me dead
tywin;Season 4;"Yes But you refused to die I respect that, even admire it You fight for what’s yours I’d never let them execute you; is that what you fear? I’d never let Illyn Payne take your head You’re a Lannister You’re my son"
tyrion;Season 4;I loved her
tywin;Season 4;Who?
tyrion;Season 4;Shae
tywin;Season 4;Bah, Tyrion Put down that crossbow
tyrion;Season 4;I murdered her With my own hands
tywin;Season 4;It doesn’t matter
tyrion;Season 4;It doesn’t matter?
tywin;Season 4;She was a whore
tyrion;Season 4;Say that word again
tywin;Season 4;And what? You’ll kill your own father in the privy? No You’re my son Enough of this nonsense
tyrion;Season 4;I am your son, and you sentenced me to die You knew I didn’t poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same Why?
tywin;Season 4;Enough We’ll go back to my chambers and speak with some dignity
tyrion;Season 4;I can’t go back there She’s in there
tywin;Season 4;What, are you afraid of a dead whore?
tywin;Season 4;You shot me You’re no son of mine
tyrion;Season 4;I am your son I have always been your son
varys;Season 4;What have you done? Quickly Trust me, my friend, I’ve brought you this far
arya;Season 4;I want to see the captain
captain;Season 4;You’re seeing him
arya;Season 4;I want to go north, to the wall
captain;Season 4;No you don’t
arya;Season 4;I can pay
captain;Season 4;There is nothing in the north but ice and war and pirates
arya;Season 4;I wouldn’t need a cabin Please, I could work, scrubbing the floors, or
captain;Season 4;I’m not going north, child, we’re going home
arya;Season 4;Where’s home?
captain;Season 4;The Free City of Braavos
arya;Season 4;Wait, I have something else
captain;Season 4;More silver won’t make a difference
arya;Season 4;It’s not silver, it’s iron
arya;Season 4;Valar morghulis
a younger melara;Season 5;We shouldn’t be out here alone
cersei;Season 5;Why not?
melara;Season 5;If your father hears
cersei;Season 5;He’ll never know we’ve been gone
melara;Season 5;But if he finds out
cersei;Season 5;You don’t need to be afraid of my father
melara;Season 5;Are you sure?
cersei;Season 5;Yes
melara;Season 5;We shouldn’t go in
cersei;Season 5;Of course we should
maggy;Season 5;Get out Get out
melara;Season 5;Let’s go
cersei;Season 5;No
maggy;Season 5;Listen to your friend
cersei;Season 5;They said that you were terrifying With cat’s teeth and three eyes You’re not terrifying You’re boring
maggy;Season 5;You don’t know what I am
cersei;Season 5;I know you’re a witch and you can see the future Tell me mine
maggy;Season 5;Everybody wants to know their future Until they know their future
cersei;Season 5;This is my father’s land My land Tell me my future or I’ll have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head
maggy;Season 5;Your blood Give me a taste
maggy;Season 5;Three questions you get You won’t like the answers
cersei;Season 5;I’ve been promised to the prince When will we marry?
maggy;Season 5;You’ll never wed the prince You’ll wed the king
cersei;Season 5;But I will be queen?
maggy;Season 5;Oh yes, you’ll be queen For a time In comes another Younger, more beautiful, to cast you down and take all you hold dear
cersei;Season 5;Will the king and I have children?
maggy;Season 5;No The king will have 20 children, and you will have 3
cersei;Season 5;That doesn’t make sense
maggy;Season 5;Gold will be their crowns Gold their shrouds
melara;Season 5;Come on, we have to go We have to go! Cersei
priest;Season 5;Your grace, we are honored by your presence The mourners are waiting
cersei;Season 5;They will keep waiting I want a moment alone with him
priest;Season 5;But your grace, many of these lords and ladies have travelled day and night to be here
priest;Season 5;From all seven kingdoms
cersei;Season 5;They will wait
cersei;Season 5;He never wanted you to be a King’s Guard, but here you are, protecting his dead body
jaime;Season 5;What he built The towers He built it for us He meant it for us They’re going to try to take it away, all of it
cersei;Season 5;They?
jaime;Season 5;All of them out there are enemies They’re waiting a night to make sure he’s really dead and as soon as they see the stones on his eyes they’ll set to work on tearing us apart
cersei;Season 5;They had nothing to do with it The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him for years
jaime;Season 5;This is exactly what they want
cersei;Season 5;and now our father is dead And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath Did you set him free?
cersei;Season 5;Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose You killed him by mistake With stupidity You’re a man of action, aren’t you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences Take a look Look at the consequences Here they are He loved you more than anyone in this world
varys;Season 5;Apologies
tyrion;Season 5;I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail
varys;Season 5;I saved your life If they catch you, they catch me I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that fucking crate”
tyrion;Season 5;Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
varys;Season 5;No I only know what it’s like to pick up your shit and throw it overboard
tyrion;Season 5;Pentos?
varys;Season 5;The home of my colleague Ilyrio Mopatis A merchant He and I met many years ago, through mutual friends A group of people who saw Robert Baratheon for the disaster he was We tried to do what was best for the realm by supporting the Targaryen restoration And thus began the chain of mistakes that has led us both here Things have gotten worse, not better Westeros needs to be saved from itself
tyrion;Season 5;Much better
varys;Season 5;My lord?
tyrion;Season 5;I don’t think I am anymore A lord Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don’t suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore That has to be happen all the time
varys;Season 5;You already drank yourself across the Narrow Sea
tyrion;Season 5;In a box Why stop now?
varys;Season 5;Because we are talking about the future of our country
tyrion;Season 5;The future is shit Just like the past
prostitute;Season 5;You want the same? Same as always?
white rat;Season 5;You you don’t have to
prostitute;Season 5;Habit
daenerys;Season 5;Sons of the Harpy?
barristan;Season 5;Yes, your grace They left it on the body
daenerys;Season 5;They’ve never killed before
barristan;Season 5;It was only a matter of time, your grace Conquerors are always met with resistance
daenerys;Season 5;I didn’t conquer them Their own people did
mossador;Season 5;They do not see us as people, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 5;Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador He did not risk his life fighting for freedom so cowards in masks could take it away And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so I could watch the city below decline into chaos What was the name of the man you lost?
grey worm;Season 5;White Rat, your grace
daenerys;Season 5;I want him buried with honor Publicly In the Temple of the Graces
barristan;Season 5;The Sons of the Harpy will hear that message
mossador;Season 5;Make them very angry
daenerys;Season 5;Angry snakes lash out Makes chopping off their heads that much easier Find the men who did this and bring them to me
missandei;Season 5;Torgo Nudho
grey worm;Season 5;Missandei hin Naath
missandei;Season 5;I wanted to speak with you
grey worm;Season 5;Why do you come?
missandei;Season 5;White Rat, the Unsullied who I have heard they found his body in a brothel I have heard that more than one Unsullied has been known to visit Meereen’s brothels May I ask you why? Why would an Unsullied go to a brothel?
grey worm;Season 5;I do not know I must go
jon;Season 5;Get your shield up
olly;Season 5;It’s too heavy
jon;Season 5;If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up
jon;Season 5;Come Try it again Drive at me Keep your shield up Or I’ll ring your head like a bell
gilly;Season 5;Shouldn’t you be training, too?
sam;Season 5;Well, I’m hardly a new recruit How many brothers can say they’ve killed a white walker and a Thenn? I might be the first in history
alliser;Season 5;These men need a firm hand Always have They’re poachers and thieves
alliser;Season 5;Not soldiers
gilly;Season 5;That one hates me
sam;Season 5;If Ser Alliser is chosen as the new Lord Commander he hates the wildlings
sam;Season 5;All the wildlings
gilly;Season 5;Don’t let them send us away
sam;Season 5;It’s not a sure thing Ser Denys Mallister has commanded the Shadow Tower for 20 years, and people say he’s a good man He’s running against Ser Alliser-
gilly;Season 5;Sam! Don’t let them send us away
sam;Season 5;I told you Wherever you go, I go, too
gilly;Season 5;You can’t leave, they’ll execute you
jon;Season 5;Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up
melisandre;Season 5;The king wants a word
jon;Season 5;You’re not cold, my lady?
melisandre;Season 5;Never The Lord’s fire lives within me, Jon Snow
melisandre;Season 5;Feel
melisandre;Season 5;Are you a virgin?
jon;Season 5;No
melisandre;Season 5;Good
melisandre;Season 5;Your grace The bastard of Winterfell
stannis;Season 5;You know who rules at Winterfell now?
jon;Season 5;Roose Bolton
stannis;Season 5;The traitor who plunged a dagger into Robb Stark’s heart Don’t you want to avenge him?
jon;Season 5;I want a great many things, your grace But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now
davos;Season 5;I’ve been talking to your sworn brothers Many of them love you
jon;Season 5;They’re good men
davos;Season 5;Many don’t You were seen taking the body of a wildling girl north of the Wall Why?
jon;Season 5;It’s where she belonged
davos;Season 5;Some of the Night’s Watch feel you have too much affection for the wildlings
jon;Season 5;They were born on the wrong side of the wall That doesn’t make them monsters
stannis;Season 5;No matter I shall take back the North from the thieves who stole it Tywin Lannister is dead He can’t protect them now I shall mount Roose Bolton’s head on a spike But if I’m to take Winterfell I’ll need more men
jon;Season 5;The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part-
stannis;Season 5;I’m not talking about the damn Night’s Watch I’m talking about the wildlings
jon;Season 5;Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
stannis;Season 5;If they swear to follow me, I’ll pardon them We’ll take Winterfell Once the North is won, I’ll declare them citizens of the realm I’ll give them land to live on
davos;Season 5;It’s a fair offer More than fair
stannis;Season 5;I’ll offer them their lives and their freedom if Mance kneels before me and swears his loyalty
jon;Season 5;I don’t think that’s likely
stannis;Season 5;You admire him, don’t you?
jon;Season 5;I respect him
stannis;Season 5;He likes you Convince him to bend the knee.
jon;Season 5;Your grace
stannis;Season 5;or he burns
jon;Season 5;How much time do I have?
stannis;Season 5;Nightfall The sun drops fast this time of year Hurry, Jon Snow
sansa master of arms;Season 5;Sword up! Attack, my lord! Attack! Don’t cross your feet
yohn royce;Season 5;My sons have had swords in their hands from the time they could walk This one
littlefinger;Season 5;Lord Arryn will never be a great warrior
royce;Season 5;Great warrior? He sings a sword like a girl with palsy
squire;Season 5;My lord
master of arms;Season 5;Sword up, my lord
littlefinger;Season 5;Some boys develop more slowly He’s still young
royce;Season 5;He’s 13 Boys go to war at 13
littlefinger;Season 5;He has other gifts
royce;Season 5;Does he?
littlefinger;Season 5;The gift of a great name Sometimes that’s all one needs
sansa;Season 5;Goodbye Lord Royce, and thank you for all you’ve done for me
royce;Season 5;I have done nothing more than my duty, my lady
littlefinger;Season 5;I have no doubt that upon my return, Robin’s skills will have improved immeasurably
royce;Season 5;He’ll be safe here As for his skills, I make no promises
podrick;Season 5;Will we head north at some point? He said Sansa had a brother at Castle Black We’re a few days ride from the Kingsroad, but that will take us-
brienne;Season 5;Us? The only reason you’re here is that Jaime Lannister told me you weren’t safe in the capital You’re hundreds of miles from King’s Landing No one knows what you look like No one cares You’re safe
podrick;Season 5;But I’m you’re squire
brienne;Season 5;Do you even know what a squire is?
podrick;Season 5;An attendant to a knight?
brienne;Season 5;I’m not a knight That means you’re not a squire
podrick;Season 5;Well, where would I go?
brienne;Season 5;I don’t care, I’m not your mother
podrick;Season 5;You swore to find the Stark girls
brienne;Season 5;I found Arya She didn’t want my protection
podrick;Season 5;Sansa still might
brienne;Season 5;Will you shut your mouth? I didn’t ask for advice I don’t want anyone following me I’m not a leader All I ever wanted is to fight for a Lord I believed in The good lords are dead and the rest are monsters
sansa;Season 5;You told Lord Royce we were going to the Fingers
littlefinger;Season 5;I did
sansa;Season 5;But we’re heading west
littlefinger;Season 5;We are
sansa;Season 5;If he wanted to betray us, he already would have
littlefinger;Season 5;Lord Royce may be as honorable as he thinks he is, but he’s not alone in that castle Do you trust all those knights and ladies, stable boys and serving girls?
sansa;Season 5;No Do you trust the carriage driver or the knights escorting us?
littlefinger;Season 5;No But I pay them well, and they’ve seen what happens to men who disappoint me
sansa;Season 5;So where are we going? To a land where you trust everyone?
littlefinger;Season 5;So a land so far from here, even Cersei Lannister can’t get her hands on you
loras;Season 5;It was such a deep, deep shock to us all Your father was a force to be reckoned with He truly was I wouldn’t presume to claim to have known him as such
loras;Season 5;But just being in his presence was enough to make it so clear just how formidable a person you were dealing with What a what a force to be reckoned with
cersei;Season 5;Thank you so much for your kind words
grand maester pyrcelle;Season 5;Deepest condolences, your grace This tragedy I never trusted Varys I often warned
lancel;Season 5;Your grace
cersei;Season 5;Cousin Lancel I hardly recognized you
lancel;Season 5;My deepest sympathies
kevan;Season 5;I apologize for my son’s appearance
cersei;Season 5;Uncle, it’s quite alright
kevan;Season 5;They call themselves sparrows Bloody fanatics Religion has its place, of course, but at a certain point They never would have come to the capital when Tywin was alive
cersei;Season 5;I’m sure he’ll grow out of it Whatever it is Excuse me
kevan;Season 5;Of course
cersei;Season 5;Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed
lancel;Season 5;It wasn’t my wounds that needed healing
cersei;Season 5;What can I do for you?
lancel;Season 5;You can forgive me
cersei;Season 5;What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?
lancel;Season 5;I led you into the darkness
cersei;Season 5;I doubt you’ve ever led anyone anywhere
lancel;Season 5;I tempted you into our unnatural relations And, of course, there was the king His boar hunt His wine
cersei;Season 5;I don’t know what you’re talking about
lancel;Season 5;I’m a different person now I found peace in the light of the Seven You can too They watch over all of us, ready to dole out mercy or justice Their world is at hand I will pray for your father’s soul
cersei;Season 5;The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help
olyvar;Season 5;It looks like Dorne
loras;Season 5;No it doesn’t
olyvar;Season 5;It does That’s the Sunspear bit right there And that’s where the mountains are And over here is Sunsnake? Stonespear?
loras;Season 5;Sandstone
olyvar;Season 5;Yes Yes, Sandstone Just there
loras;Season 5;Fine
loras;Season 5;It’s Dorne
olyvar;Season 5;We should go there I think we would have a lovely time
loras;Season 5;Judging by my experience, that would be wonderful Dorne, Highgarden Anywhere but here
margaery;Season 5;We’re late for dinner as it is
loras;Season 5;You’re very respectful
margaery;Season 5;I’m very hungry
margaery;Season 5;What’s your name?
olyvar;Season 5;Olyvar, my lady
margaery;Season 5;I’m afraid my brother is keeping the king waiting, Olyvar
margaery;Season 5;Perhaps you might consider being a bit more discreet?
loras;Season 5;Why? They all know about me anyway Everybody knows everything about everyone What’s the point in trying to keep a secret in a place like this?
margaery;Season 5;In any event you shouldn’t keep your intended waiting
loras;Season 5;My intended? Please Tywin’s dead That means no one can force Cersei to marry me
margaery;Season 5;Lucky you
loras;Season 5;Unlucky you
margaery;Season 5;You think I want that woman married to my brother?
loras;Season 5;If she doesn’t marry me, she doesn’t go to Highgarden Which means she stays in King’s Landing Which means you’re trapped here with Cersei Lannister as your mother-by-law
margaery;Season 5;Perhaps
loras;Season 5;Perhaps?
margaery;Season 5;Perhaps?
tyrion;Season 5;Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers
varys;Season 5;Imp, half-man
varys;Season 5;There are faster ways to kill yourself
tyrion;Season 5;Not for a coward
varys;Season 5;You are many things, my friend, but not a coward
tyrion;Season 5;You never told me why you set me free
varys;Season 5;Your brother asked me to
tyrion;Season 5;You could have said no
varys;Season 5;Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition
tyrion;Season 5;Not as dangerous as releasing me You risked your life, your position, everything Why? You’re not family, you owe me nothing
varys;Season 5;I didn’t do it for you I did it for the Seven Kingdoms
tyrion;Season 5;A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms
varys;Season 5;I don’t believe in saviors I believe men of talent have a role to play in the war to come
tyrion;Season 5;You’re going to have to find another soldier I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me
varys;Season 5;You have many admirable qualities, self-pity is not one of them Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power But earning it for yourself, that takes work
tyrion;Season 5;I’m not well-suited for work
varys;Season 5;I think you are You have your father’s instinct for politics, and you have compassion
tyrion;Season 5;Compassion? Yes I killed my lover with my bare hands I shot my own father with a crossbow
varys;Season 5;I never said you were perfect
tyrion;Season 5;What is it you want exactly?
varys;Season 5;Peace Prosperity A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless
tyrion;Season 5;Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place
varys;Season 5;Perhaps And perhaps we’ve grown so used to horror we assume there’s no other way If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?
tyrion;Season 5;I will never sit on the Iron Throne
varys;Season 5;No, you won’t But you could help another climb those steps and take that seat The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis A monarch who can intimidate the high lord and inspire the people A ruler loved by millions with a powerful army and the right family name
tyrion;Season 5;Good luck finding him
varys;Season 5;Who said anything about him? You have a choice my friend You can stay here at Ilyrio’s palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Mereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for
tyrion;Season 5;Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
daario naharis;Season 5;When did the Unsullied start patrolling the streets of Meereen? Looks like your friends haven’t been behaving themselves
hizdahr zo loraq;Season 5;The mission to Yunkai was a resounding success The Wise Masters of Yunkai have agreed to cede power to a council of elders, made up of both the freedmen and the former slaveholders All matters of consequence will be brought to you for review
daenerys;Season 5;Good
hizdahr;Season 5;They did ask for some concessions
daenerys;Season 5;Concessions?
hizdahr;Season 5;Politics is the art of compromise, your grace
daenerys;Season 5;I’m not a politician I’m a queen
hizdahr;Season 5;Forgive me You’re right, of course Still, it’s easier to rule happy subjects than angry ones
daenerys;Season 5;I don’t expect the Wise Masters to be happy Slavery made them rich, I ended slavery
hizdahr;Season 5;They do not ask for the return of slavery They ask for the re-opening of the fighting pits
daenerys;Season 5;The fighting pits? Where slaves fought slaves to the death?
hizdahr;Season 5;In the new world that you’ve brought to us, free men would fight free men
hizdahr;Season 5;The pitfighters that you liberated plead for this opportunity Bring some here and ask them yourself
daenerys;Season 5;No fighting pits
hizdahr;Season 5;Opening them would show the people of Yunkai and Meereen that you respect their traditions
daenerys;Season 5;I do not respect the tradition of human cockfighting
hizdahr;Season 5;If you-
daenerys;Season 5;How many times must I say no before you understand?
daenerys;Season 5;Whatever he wants from me he’s not going to get it If he really believes I’m going to reopen the fighting pits
daario;Season 5;You should reopen the fighting pits
daenerys;Season 5;What?
daario;Season 5;My mother was a whore, I told you that She liked to drink pear brandy The older she got, the less she made selling her body, the more she wanted to drink So one day when I was 12, she sold me to a slaver she fucked the night before
daenerys;Season 5;Why?
daario;Season 5;I was a bad child I wasn’t big, but I was quick And I loved to fight So they sold me to a man in Tolos who trained fighters for the pits I had my first match when I was 16
daenerys;Season 5;You were sold into slavery, forced to fight to the death for the amusement of the masters, and you’re defending the fighting pits?
daario;Season 5;I’m only here because of those pits I learned to fight like a Dothraki screamer, a Norvoshi priest, a Westerosi knight Soon I was famous 10,000 men and women screamed my name when I stepped into the pit I made so much money for my master he set me free when I died I joined the Second Sons, and then I met you
daario;Season 5;You’re the queen Everyone’s too afraid of you to speak truth Everyone but me You’ve made thousands of enemies all across the world As soon as they see weakness, they’ll attack Show your strength here, now
daenerys;Season 5;That’s why I have the Unsullied patrolling the streets
daario;Season 5;Anyone with a chest full of gold can buy an army of Unsullied You’re not the Mother of Unsullied You’re the Mother of Dragons
daenerys;Season 5;I don’t want another child’s bones dropped at my feet No one’s seen Drogon in weeks For all I know he’s flown halfway across the world I can’t control them anymore
daario;Season 5;A dragon queen with no dragons is not a queen
daenerys;Season 5;Viserion? Rhaegal?
daenerys;Season 5;Easy Easy Easy
mance;Season 5;So here we are
jon;Season 5;Here we are
mance;Season 5;When we first met you were my prisoner And now, for our last meeting
jon;Season 5;This doesn’t have to be our last meeting
mance;Season 5;No, but it will be
jon;Season 5;You know what Stannis wants?
mance;Season 5;He wants me to bend the knee And he wants the free folk to fight for him I’ll give him this much he’s bold
jon;Season 5;Shouldn’t a king be bold?
mance;Season 5;Oh, aye I respect him If he gets what he wants, I expect he’ll be a better ruler than the fools sitting on the Iron Throne the last hundred years But I’ll never serve him
jon;Season 5;You told me you weren’t here to conquer You told me your people have bled enough
mance;Season 5;That’s right But I don’t want them bleeding for Stannis Baratheon either
jon;Season 5;You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants A life’s work uniting them You didn’t do it for power You didn’t do it for glory You brought them together to save them because none of them will survive the winter, not if they’re north of the wall Isn’t their survival more important than your pride?
mance;Season 5;Pride? Fuck my pride This isn’t about that
jon;Season 5;Then bend the knee and save your people
mance;Season 5;They followed me because they respected me Because they believed in me The moment I kneel for a Southern king that’s all gone
jon;Season 5;And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid
mance;Season 5;Oh, I am afraid No shame in that How will they do it? Beheading? Hanging?
jon;Season 5;They’ll burn you alive
mance;Season 5;Bad way to go I’ll be honest with you, I don’t want to die And burnt to death, I don’t want people to remember me like that Scorched and screaming But it’s better than betraying everything I believe
jon;Season 5;And what happens to your people? You preserve your dignity and die standing, and they’ll sing songs about you You’d rather burn than kneel The great hero.” Until winter comes, and the white walkers come for us all, and there’s no one left to sing
mance;Season 5;You’re a good lad Truly, you are But if you can’t understand why I won’t enlist my people in a foreigner’s war, there’s no point explaining
jon;Season 5;I think you’re making a terrible mistake
mance;Season 5;The freedom to make my own mistakes was all I ever wanted
stannis;Season 5;Mance Rayder, you’ve been called the King Beyond the Wall Westeros only has one king Bend the knee, I promise you mercy
stannis;Season 5;Kneel and live
mance;Season 5;This was my home for many years I wish you good fortune in the wars to come
melisandre;Season 5;Man or woman, young or old, lord or peasant, our choices are the same We choose light, or we choose darkness We choose good, or we choose evil We choose the true god or the false
braavosi man;Season 5;In the old times, whenever Braavos stood in danger, the titan would step with fire in his eyes Hed wade into the sea and smash the enemies
arya;Season 5;Hes just a statue
man;Season 5;Dont be afraid He’s announcing our arrival
arya;Season 5;Im not afraid
man;Season 5;The House of Black and White this is where youll find the man you seek
man;Season 5;Here, I leave you
arya;Season 5;Thank you for bringing me
man;Season 5;Any man of Braavos would have done the same Valar morghulis
arya;Season 5;Valar dohaeris
arya;Season 5;Hello Valar Morghulis
arya;Season 5;Jaqen H’ghar gave me this
old man;Season 5;No one here by that name
arya;Season 5;Please I crossed the Narrow Sea I have nowhere else to go
old man;Season 5;You have everywhere else to go
arya;Season 5;But wait
arya;Season 5;Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant
arya;Season 5;The Mountain, Meryn Trant
podrick;Season 5;Must be good food if it’s crowded
waitress;Season 5;Ale? Ale?
sansa;Season 5;Before we left, a maester gave you a raven scroll
littlefinger;Season 5;You are becoming an observant young lady
sansa;Season 5;My mother used to say, dark wings, dark words
littlefinger;Season 5;An old saying Inaccurate in this case
sansa;Season 5;So it was good news.?
littlefinger;Season 5;My marriage proposal has been accepted
sansa;Season 5;I thought you still mourn the death of my beloved Aunt Lysa
waitress;Season 5;Ale?
sansa;Season 5;Ill have some
podrick;Season 5;My lady
brienne;Season 5;What is it?
podrick;Season 5;Sansa Stark Dont look
brienne;Season 5;You sure?
podrick;Season 5;Shes dyed her hair, but its her Shes sitting with Petyr Baelish
brienne;Season 5;Littlefinger?
podrick;Season 5;A bunch of knights with him BRIENNE Bunch? Whats a bunch? 100? 6? 20?
podrick;Season 5;10, I think Too many My lady, I dont think this is the right-
brienne;Season 5;Ready the horses
podrick;Season 5;We only have one horse
brienne;Season 5;Find more
littlefinger;Season 5;Do you like the taste?
sansa;Season 5;I dont see what all the fuss is about Why do men love it so much?
littlefinger;Season 5;It gives some men courage
sansa;Season 5;Does it give you courage?
guard;Season 5;Thats far enough
brienne;Season 5;Lord Baelish, Lady Sansa, my name is Brienne of Tarth
littlefinger;Season 5;Weve met With Renly Baratheon What did he say about you? He said, Youre a loyalty comes free of charge Someone appears to have paid quite a bit for it since then
brienne;Season 5;Lady Sansa, before your mothers death, I was her sworn sword I gave my word I would find you and protect you I will shield your back and keep your council, and give my life for yours if need be I swear it by the old gods and the new
littlefinger;Season 5;Please, Lady Brienne No need for such formality You are Catelyn Starks sworn sword?
brienne;Season 5;I was
littlefinger;Season 5;Strange I knew Cat from the time we were children She never mentioned you
brienne;Season 5;It was after Renlys murder
littlefinger;Season 5;Ah, yes You were accused of killing him
brienne;Season 5;I tried to save him
littlefinger;Season 5;But you were accused
brienne;Season 5;By men who didnt see what happened
littlefinger;Season 5;Then what did happen?
brienne;Season 5;He was murdered by a shadow A shadow with a face of Stannis Baratheon
littlefinger;Season 5;"A shadow? With a face? This woman swore to protect Renly; she failed She swore to protect your mother; she failed Why would I want somebody with your history of failure guiding Lady Sansa?"
brienne;Season 5;Why should you have any say in her affairs?
littlefinger;Season 5;Because I am her uncle I married her Aunt Lysa shortly before my beloved’s untimely death Were family now, and youre an outsider Forgive me, Lady Brienne, but experiences made me wary of outsiders
brienne;Season 5;Lady Sansa, if we can have a word alone-
sansa;Season 5;No
brienne;Season 5;Please, my lady If I could explain-
sansa;Season 5;I saw you at Joffreys wedding bowing to the king
brienne;Season 5;Neither of us wanted to be there Sometimes we dont have a choice
sansa;Season 5;And sometimes we do You should leave
littlefinger;Season 5;We dont want our new friend wandering the countryside alone The roads of these parts arent safe Why dont you stay?
knight;Season 5;He asked you to stay
guard;Season 5;After her
brienne;Season 5;Podrick
podrick;Season 5;Stop, stop, stop! That’s a good boy
knight;Season 5;I guess that means you’re unarmed
brienne;Season 5;Down, Podrick, down
brienne;Season 5;Podrick?
podrick;Season 5;Yes, my lady?
brienne;Season 5;You can stand now
podrick;Season 5;Yes, my lady Sansa Stark?
brienne;Season 5;Wary of strangers, as she should me I saw her riding on the East Trail with Littlefinger We’ll follow them
podrick;Season 5;My lady, if those Stark girls refused your service, maybe you’re released from your vow
brienne;Season 5;I swore to their mother I’d protect those girls
podrick;Season 5;If they don’t want your protection-
brienne;Season 5;Do you think she’s safe from Littlefinger?
podrick;Season 5;No, my lady
brienne;Season 5;Get your horse
jaime;Season 5;A summons from the queen
cersei;Season 5;There are only two like it in the world the one I’m wearing and the one I gave to Myrcella
jaime;Season 5;It’s a threat
cersei;Season 5;Of course it’s a threat! Our daughter’s in Dorne surrounded by people who hate our family Its a threat
jaime;Season 5;No note
cersei;Season 5;They blame us for the death of Oberyn and his sister, and every other tragedy that’s befallen their cursed country I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her
jaime;Season 5;Softer
cersei;Season 5;What?
jaime;Season 5;Not so loud
cersei;Season 5;Our daughter’s in danger, and you’re worried I’m speaking too loudly
jaime;Season 5;The world cant know knows she’s our daughter
cersei;Season 5;Then don’t call her your daughter You’ve never been a father to her
jaime;Season 5;If I was the father to any of my children, they’d be stoned in the streets
cersei;Season 5;And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding Our only daughter shipped off to Dorne Our baby boy sent to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden
jaime;Season 5;I’ll make things better
cersei;Season 5;You never made anything better
jaime;Season 5;I’m going to Dorne I’ll bring our daughter home
cersei;Season 5;You can’t just ask Prince Doran to give her back! She’s promised his son
jaime;Season 5;I’m not going to ask him anything
cersei;Season 5;You go there with an army, it’s an act of war
jaime;Season 5;No army Do you know where they’re keeping her?
cersei;Season 5;Oberyn mentioned the Water Gardens
jaime;Season 5;I’ll find her Is there anything else, your grace?
cersei;Season 5;You’re going to Dorne? A one-handed man? Alone?
jaime;Season 5;I never said I was going alone
lollys stokeworth;Season 5;No sunflowers I dont like yellow Roses are very nice, definitely roses And music I adore music But no flutes, I hate flutes! We can have a harp if you like, but no flutes Then theres the food Food is the most important thing, dont you agree? Were going to need pigeon pies Thats what they eat in the capital, dont they?
lollys;Season 5;Dont they?
bronn;Season 5;Dont who?
lollys;Season 5;People eat pigeon pie in the capital
bronn;Season 5;They certainly do, my dear They certainly do
bronn;Season 5;Its a fine place, isnt it? A fine place I never thought Id end up settling down in a place like this
lollys;Season 5;You wont
bronn;Season 5;Pardon?
lollys;Season 5;We wont get to live at Stokeworth When Mother dies, my sister gets the castle because shes older
bronn;Season 5;Oh
lollys;Season 5;She hates me She calls me mean names, and sometimes even still she pulls my hair when Mother isnt looking
bronn;Season 5;You know what I think? I think youre a good person And your sister is a mean person
lollys;Season 5;She is
bronn;Season 5;Ive been all over the world And if theres one thing Ive learned, its that meanness comes around People like your sister, they always get whats coming to them eventually One way or another
lollys;Season 5;Whos that?
bronn;Season 5;Jaime fucking Lannister
bronn;Season 5;Ser Jaime
jaime;Season 5;Ser Bronn of the Blackwater
bronn;Season 5;I was very sorry to hear about your father
jaime;Season 5;Thank you
bronn;Season 5;This is my betrothed, Lollys
jaime;Season 5;A pleasure
bronn;Season 5;Run along, love
jaime;Season 5;Beautiful bride youve chosen When were you planning on getting married?
bronn;Season 5;Just get on with it
jaime;Season 5;On with what?
bronn;Season 5;What youre here for Theres no way this little visit could possibly mean anything good for me
jaime;Season 5;Its very good for you
bronn;Season 5;Lollys will be marrying Ser Wyllis Bracken
jaime;Season 5;Mmm
bronn;Season 5;We made a deal, your sister and I
jaime;Season 5;I would have advised against that
bronn;Season 5;How is this good for me?
jaime;Season 5;Cause youre going to come with me and help me with something important And when we return, Im going to give you a much better girl, and a much better castle
bronn;Season 5;Return from where?
jaime;Season 5;As far south as south goes
trystane;Season 5;My future queen
areo;Season 5;The prince does not wish to be disturbed
ellaria;Season 5;Remove myself from my path, or Ill take that long axe and shove it-
doran;Season 5;Captain Let her pass
ellaria;Season 5;Your brother was murdered, and you sit here at the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing
doran;Season 5;Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat By law, that is not murder
ellaria;Season 5;Your brother-
doran;Season 5;You dont have to remind me He was my brother long before he was anything to you
ellaria;Season 5;What will you do about his death
doran;Season 5;I will bury him I will mourn for him
ellaria;Season 5;You would have me go to war?
doran;Season 5;You would have me go to war?
ellaria;Season 5;The whole country would have you go to war
doran;Season 5;Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide
ellaria;Season 5;The Sand Snakes are with me They have the love of their people They will avenge your father while you sit here in your chair doing nothing
ellaria;Season 5;Oberyn is dead And this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens eating our food, breathing our air How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill? Let me have her Let me send her to Cersei one finger at a time
doran;Season 5;I loved my brother And you made him very happy For that you will always have a place in my heart But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance Not here Not while I rule
ellaria;Season 5;And how long will that be?
daario;Season 5;The Unsullied are too conspicuous
daario;Season 5;Anyone can see you coming from a mile off Of course you havent found any Sons of the Harpy You havent, have you?
daario;Season 5;My Second Sons, on the other hand, they drink, they whore, fight in the streets they blend in They overhear things in taverns, follow people from the taverns to nice, quiet alleys, break a few fingers, overhear a few more things Before you know it.
grey worm;Season 5;No one here We go
daario;Season 5;In a hurry? Youre afraid?
grey worm;Season 5;Unsullied fear nothing
daario;Season 5;Right Thats your problem You understood fear once, long ago, but youve forgotten what it means Someone whos forgotten fear has forgotten how to hide
daario;Season 5;Fear is useful that way
mossador;Season 5;Sons of the Harpy, they want to put a collar back on my neck On all of our necks Please, Your Grace, you must kill him
daenerys;Season 5;It would send a message
barristan;Season 5;I think you should exercise restraint, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 5;Why?
barristan;Season 5;For one thing, he may have valuable information
daario;Season 5;The Son of the Harpy has no more valuable information
barristan;Season 5;How do you know that?
daario;Season 5;Because I questioned him
hizdahr;Season 5;And the information you did get, he is young and poor
mossador;Season 5;He is born free
hizdahr;Season 5;Why should he want to bring back slavery? What did it do for him?
daenerys;Season 5;Perhaps the only thing that gave him pride was knowing that there was someone lower than he was
mossador;Season 5;They pay him Great families afraid to do a thing They pay poor man to do it for them
hizdahr;Season 5;And how do you know this?
mossador;Season 5;Everyone knows this
hizdahr;Season 5;I dont know it, and Im the head of a great family
barristan;Season 5;We do not know what this man did or didnt do Give him a trial, at least A fair trial Show all of the citizens of Meereen that you are better than those who would depose Teach them a better way
mossador;Season 5;I do not know the place from where Old Ser comes Things maybe are different there, I hope But here, in Meereen, before Daenerys Stormborn, they own us So we learn much about them or we do not live long They teach me what they are Mercy
fair trial;Season 5;these mean nothing to them All they understand is blood
daenerys;Season 5;Thank you all for your counsel
barristan;Season 5;Your Grace, a word, please, I beg you
daenerys;Season 5;About what?
barristan;Season 5;About your father About the Mad King
daenerys;Season 5;The Mad King? Youre here to remind me of my enemies lies? Consider me reminded
barristan;Season 5;Your Grace, I served in his Kingsguard I was at his side from the first Your enemies did not lie
daenerys;Season 5;Go on
barristan;Season 5;When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame He murdered sons in front of their fathers He burned men alive with Wildfire, and laughed as they screamed And his efforts to stamp out dissent led to rebellion that killed every Targaryen except two
daenerys;Season 5;Im not my father
barristan;Season 5;No, Your Grace Thank the gods But the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved And each time it made him feel powerful and right Until the very end
daenerys;Season 5;I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial
barristan;Season 5;Your Grace
tyrion;Season 5;Theres a bug
varys;Season 5;Yes, best be careful You might accidentally consume some solid food
tyrion;Season 5;When I agreed to come with you, did I misrepresent my intentions? Besides, what is there for me to do inside this fucking box?
varys;Season 5;You dont like it?
tyrion;Season 5;I want to take a walk
varys;Season 5;You cant Cersei has offered a lordship to the man who brings her your head
tyrion;Season 5;She ought to offer her cunt Best part of her for the best part of me Well, I suppose a box is as good a place for me as anywhere
varys;Season 5;Are we really going to spend the entire road to Volantis talking about the futility of everything?
tyrion;Season 5;Youre right No point The road to Volantis? You said we were going to Meereen Whats in Volantis?
varys;Season 5;The road to Meereen
tyrion;Season 5;And what do you hope to find at the end of the road to Meereen?
varys;Season 5;I told you A ruler
tyrion;Season 5;Weve already got a ruler Everywhere has already got a ruler Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someones banner hanging from it
varys;Season 5;You were quite good, you know At ruling During your brief tenure as Hand
tyrion;Season 5;I didnt rule I was a servant
varys;Season 5;Still, a man of talent
tyrion;Season 5;Managed to kill a lot of people
varys;Season 5;Yes, but showed great promise in other areas as well
tyrion;Season 5;She wanted me to leave Kings Landing She begged me I wouldnt go
varys;Season 5;Why?
tyrion;Season 5;Cause I liked it Power Even as a servant
varys;Season 5;People follow leaders And they will never follow us They find us repulsive
tyrion;Season 5;I find us repulsive
varys;Season 5;And we find them repulsive, which is why we surround ourselves with large, comfortable boxes to keep them away And yet, no matter what we do, people like you and me are never really satisfied inside the box Not for long
tyrion;Season 5;Youre right Lets go for a walk
varys;Season 5;No
tyrion;Season 5;How many dwarves are there in the world? Is Cersei going to kill them all?
cersei;Season 5;Not him
meryn;Season 5;Are you trying to deceive your Queen? Shall I throw them in a cell, Your Grace?
cersei;Season 5;That wont be necessary, I dont want to dissuade the other hunters Mistakes will be made
hunters;Season 5;Thank you, Your Grace Thank you
cersei;Season 5;Take the head
qyburn;Season 5;Pardon me, Your Grace I would take it, if you dont mind It could prove useful for my work
cersei;Season 5;Very good
qyburn;Season 5;Over there will be fine
meryn;Season 5;You heard the man Over there
kevan;Season 5;Youre the Hand of the King?
cersei;Season 5;No, Uncle Clearly it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role Im merely advising my son until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself
mace;Season 5;Your Grace, I would be willing to serve provisionally as the Kings Hand until he becomes old enough-
cersei;Season 5;Youre a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I dont imagine youll have the time In addition to being Master of Ships, the king has appointed you Master of Coin
mace;Season 5;Oh, Your Grace
cersei;Season 5;He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled He said he would be honored to have you represent the crowns interests in the same
mace;Season 5;The honor is all mine, Your Grace
pycelle;Season 5;Your Grace, in the past on several occasions, a Grand Maester has served as the Kings Hand
cersei;Season 5;ing has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers
pycelle;Season 5;Your Grace, him? This man? This embarrassment to the Citadel? Your Grace, what qualifications can he possibly have for this post?
cersei;Season 5;The qualification of loyalty, Grand Maester Thats far more than the eunuch ever had Far more than many ever have
pycelle;Season 5;I must say I cannot see-
cersei;Season 5;Uncle Kevan, in light of your position as commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the king if you would serve as his Master of War No man living better deserves the title
kevan;Season 5;That is kind of you to say I would like to hear it from the king himself
cersei;Season 5;The king is very busy at this moment
kevan;Season 5;He should be here, learning what it means to rule
cersei;Season 5;He is learning On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, hes asked me to speak on his behalf
kevan;Season 5;I returned to the capital to pay my respects to my brother And to you And to serve the king I did not return to the capital to serve as your puppet To watch you stack the small council with sycophants Sending your own brother away so he wouldnt be-
cersei;Season 5;My brother has left the capital to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission
kevan;Season 5;What mission?
cersei;Season 5;That is not your concern as Master of War
kevan;Season 5;I do not recognize your authority to dictate what is and is not my concern You are the Queen Mother Nothing more
cersei;Season 5;You would abandon your king in his time of need?
kevan;Season 5;If he wants to send for me, I will be waiting for him At Casterly Rock
shireen;Season 5;Come on You know this one It looks like an animal
gilly;Season 5;Snake Snake S! Its an S
shireen;Season 5;Right, very good
sam;Season 5;Hmm! Did you know that the youngest Lord Commander in history, Osric Stark, was elected at the age of 10?
gilly;Season 5;I know S
shireen;Season 5;Youll learn, I promise I taught Ser Davos, and old people are terrible at learning new things
gilly;Season 5;Well, youre a wonderful teacher Very patient
sam;Season 5;I only said that the more time you spend practicing, the faster youll be able to read
gilly;Season 5;Thats alright Were doing just fine Im sure you and Ostrich Stark have a lot to talk about
gilly;Season 5;How old were you when you learned to read?
shireen;Season 5;Three
sam;Season 5;Three?! Who taught you, your mother?
shireen;Season 5;No Old Maester Cressen did I had a lot of time to practice My mother kept me inside because.
gilly;Season 5;What do you call it in the South, what happened to your face?
shireen;Season 5;Greyscale What do you call it north of the Wall?
gilly;Season 5;I dont know But two of my sisters had it They both died How did they cure you?
shireen;Season 5;I dont remember I was a baby Lots of people came and tried, I think Whatever they did, it went away What happened to your sisters?
gilly;Season 5;My father made them move out of the keep into the huts outside None of us were allowed to go near them But we heard them Especially at night They started to sound not like themselves
sam;Season 5;Did you ever see them?
gilly;Season 5;Only once at the end They were covered with it Their faces, their arms They acted like animals My father had to drag them out to the woods on a rope
shireen;Season 5;What did he do to them in the woods?
shireen;Season 5;Mother
selyse;Season 5;Leave us
sam;Season 5;Your Grace
selyse;Season 5;You need to stay away from that girl
shireen;Season 5;Why?
selyse;Season 5;Shes a wildling
shireen;Season 5;Her names Gilly Shes nice Im teaching her to read
selyse;Season 5;Shes a wildling Your father defeated their people He executed her king for treason They could strike at him by striking at you
shireen;Season 5;Gilly wouldnt do that
selyse;Season 5;You have no idea what people will do All your books and you still dont know
stannis;Season 5;I ordered Mance Rayder burnt at the stake You prevented that order from being carried out You showed mercy to Mance Rayder A kings word is law Perhaps you should ask Ser Davos how much mercy I show to lawbreakers Show too much kindness, people wont fear you If people dont fear you, they dont follow you
jon;Season 5;With respect, Your Grace, the free folk will never follow you, no matter what you do Youre the man who burned their king alive
stannis;Season 5;Who then? You?
jon;Season 5;No Only one of their own
stannis;Season 5;Do you know this wretched girl Lyanna Mormont?
jon;Season 5;The Lord Commanders niece
stannis;Season 5;Lady of Bear Island, and a child of 10 I asked her to commit her house to my cause, thats her response
jon;Season 5;Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark
stannis;Season 5;That amuses you?
jon;Season 5;I apologize, Your Grace Northerners can be a bit like the free folk Loyal to their own
stannis;Season 5;I know My brother Robert went on often and loudly about how difficult it was to control them even with your fathers help
davos;Season 5;Tonight, the Nights Watch elect a new Lord Commander Ser Alliser Thorne is going to win
jon;Season 5;Most likely
davos;Season 5;Unpleasant man He thinks youre a traitor Whats your life going to be like on the Wall with Thorne in command?
jon;Season 5;Unpleasant, I expect
stannis;Season 5;Your bravery made him look weak Hell punish you for it I dont punish men for bravery I reward them
jon;Season 5;I dont doubt it, Your Grace But Im a brother of the Nights Watch Ive pledged them my life, my honor, my sword I dont know what I have left to give you
stannis;Season 5;You can give me the North
jon;Season 5;I cant Even if I wanted to, Im a bastard A Snow
stannis;Season 5;Kneel before me Lay your sword at my feet Pledge me your service and youll rise again as Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell
sam;Season 5;Hell make you a Stark with the stroke of a pen?
jon;Season 5;Its the first thing I ever remember wanting Id daydream that my father would ask the king, and just like that I would never be the bastard of Winterfell again
sam;Season 5;You deserve this You do I couldnt be happier for you
jon;Season 5;Im going to refuse him
sam;Season 5;But youd be Lord of Winterfell
jon;Season 5;I swore a vow to the Nights Watch If I dont take my own word seriously, what sort of Lord of Winterfell would I be?
alliser;Season 5;Crowded Youd think we were serving venison stew
aemon;Season 5;Does anyone wish to speak for candidates before we cast our tokens for the 998th Lord Commander of the Nights Watch?
janos;Season 5;Ser Alliser Thorne is not just a knight, hes a man of true nobility He was acting commander when the Wall came under attack, and led us to victory against the wildlings
men;Season 5;Hear, hear
janos;Season 5;Hes a veteran of 100 battles and has been a defender of the Watch and the Wall almost all of his life Hes the only true choice
aemon;Season 5;Is there anyone else?
shadow tower brother;Season 5;Ser Denys Mallister joined the Watch as a boy and has served loyally longer than any other ranger Through 10 winters he served As commander of the Shadow Tower, he kept the wildlings away We could do no better
aemon;Season 5;If theres no one else, we will begin the voting The triangular tokens count for Ser Alliser Thorne The square tokens for Ser Denys Mallister Each brother will-
sam;Season 5;Maester Aemon
aemon;Season 5;Samwell Tarly Go on
janos;Season 5;Sam the Slayer
janos;Season 5;Another wildling lover just like his friend Jon Snow Hows your lady love Slayer?
sam;Season 5;Her name is Gilly Brother Slynt knows her quite well They cowered together in the larder during the battle for the Wall
janos;Season 5;Lies
sam;Season 5;A wildling girl, a baby, and Lord Janos I found him there when the battle was over in a puddle of his own making
sam;Season 5;Whilst Lord Janos was hiding with the women and children, Jon Snow was leading
sam;Season 5;Ser Alliser fought bravely, it is true And when he was wounded, it is Jon who saved us He took charge of the walls defense He killed the Magnar of the Thenns He went North to deal with Mance Rayder, knowing it almost certainly meant his own death Before that, he led the mission to avenge Lord Commander Mormont Mormont himself chose Jon to be his steward He saw something in Jon, and now weve all seen it, too He may be young, but hes the commander we turned to when the night was darkest
alliser;Season 5;I cant argue with any of that But who does Jon Snow want to command? Nights Watch or the wildlings? Everyone knows he loved a wildling girl and spoke with Mance Rayder many times What would have happened in that tent between those two old friends if Stanniss army hadnt come along? We all saw him put the King-beyond-the-Wall out of his misery Do you want to choose a man who has fought the wildlings all his life, or a man who makes love to them?
aemon;Season 5;It is time
brother;Season 5;It appears to be a tie, Maester
brothers;Season 5;Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow
man;Season 5;You You
man;Season 5;What have you got there?
man;Season 5;I said-
arya;Season 5;Turn around and go Turn around and go
man;Season 5;Thats a nice little sword Worth 100 pieces, a sword like that
arya;Season 5;Nothings worth anything to dead men
men;Season 5;Quickly, go, go
arya;Season 5;Who are you? Why were they scared of you?
old man;Season 5;You lost this
arya;Season 5;You said there was no Jaqen Hghar here
jaqen;Season 5;There isnt A man is not Jaqen Hghar
arya;Season 5;Well who are you then?
jaqen;Season 5;No one And that is who a girl must become
harpy;Season 5;She doesnt belong here And no matter how many of your traitors call her Mhysa , she will never be your mother
daenerys;Season 5;Why?
mossador;Season 5;For you, Mhysa You wanted the Harpy dead, but your hands were tied I set you free, as you did all of us
daenerys;Season 5;He was our prisoner, awaiting trial You had no right
mossador;Season 5;He would rather rip your city apart than see slaves lifted from the dirt
daenerys;Season 5;There are no more slaves There are no more Masters
mossador;Season 5;Then who lives in the Pyramids? Who wears gold masks and murders your children? When Grey Worm came to us, I was the first to take up the knife for you I remember the look on my fathers face as I struck down his Master, who had traded his infant son for a dog My father died in the fighting If we allow the Sons of the Harpy to return us to chains, he never lived
daenerys;Season 5;The Harpys life was not yours to take Once, the Masters were the law-
mosador;Season 5;and now you are the law
daenerys;Season 5;The law is the law Take him
crowd;Season 5;Mhysa! Myhsa
hizdahr;Season 5;She should have cut off the traitors head in the Great Pyramid and been done with it
daario;Season 5;Which is what I keep telling her to do to you
daenerys;Season 5;You opened your gates to me because I promised you freedom and justice One cannot exist without the other
crowd;Season 5;Brother! Brother
mossador;Season 5;Mhysa, please! Forgive me
daenerys;Season 5;A citizen of Meereen was awaiting trial and this man murdered him The punishment is death
crowd;Season 5;Mercy! Mercy
mossador;Season 5;Mhysa.
crowd;Season 5;Mhysa.
barristan;Season 5;Ill stand guard outside your door tonight, Your Grace
grey worm;Season 5;We all guard tonight
daenerys;Season 5;Leave me
head man;Season 5;Valar morghulis
jaqen;Season 5;Valar dohaeris
arya;Season 5;Ive been sweeping this floor for days
jaqen;Season 5;Good
arya;Season 5;I didnt come here to sweep floors
jaqen;Season 5;No? Why come, then?
arya;Season 5;You said that I could be your apprentice You said youd teach me how to a Faceless Man
jaqen;Season 5;A man teaches a girl Valar dohaeris All men must serve Faceless men, most of all
arya;Season 5;I want to serve
jaqen;Season 5;A girl wants to serve herself Here we serve the Many-Faced God, to serve well A girl must become no-one
arya;Season 5;Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger I see the Drowned God I see the Weirwood Face
jaqen;Season 5;There is only one god A girl knows his name And all men know his gift
arya;Season 5;Where are they taking him?
bystanders;Season 5;Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery! MARGAERY
tommen;Season 5;I am his/hers, and she/he is mine From this day, until the end of my days
tommen;Season 5;Did I hurt you?
margaery;Season 5;No You were lovely
tommen;Season 5;It all happened so fast
margaery;Season 5;Yes
tommen;Season 5;I was scared maybe I hurt you
it sounded margaery;Season 5;No, no, no Youre very sweet The sweetest king who ever lived
tommen;Season 5;This is what I want to do all day, every day for the rest of my life
margaery;Season 5;Wouldnt that be glorious? Shouldnt we rest a little while? Just to catch our breath, theres no rush, is there?
tommen;Season 5;Of course not Are you hungry? Shall I have them bring you some cake or pomegranate juice?
margaery;Season 5;No, Im fine I just want you all to myself I want to know everything there is to know about King Tommen First of His Name
tommen;Season 5;King Tommen It still sounds strange to me Does Queen Margaery sound strange to you?
margaery;Season 5;So strange Husband
tommen;Season 5;Wife Sometimes it feels odd Im the king, Ive married the most beautiful woman in the world, , and its all because my brother died
margaery;Season 5;I understand But its not your fault, you know that, dont you? You mustnt feel guilty
tommen;Season 5;I dont feel guilty Thats whats odd
tommen;Season 5;Do you like to sail?
margaery;Season 5;I love to sail
tommen;Season 5;I do, too
margaery;Season 5;I think were going to be very happy, you and I
tommen;Season 5;I do, too
margaery;Season 5;Living in a tower so high, it touches the clouds Of course my grandmother couldnt wait to go home The capital is not for everyone, I suppose Does your mother like it here?
tommen;Season 5;I dont think so She told me never to trust anyone in Kings Landing
margaery;Season 5;Its so wonderful to have her watching over you A lioness guiding her cub
tommen;Season 5;Well, but Im a man now
margaery;Season 5;You are And the king But youll always be her baby-boy
tommen;Season 5;I suppose
margaery;Season 5;I adore how she has always been so generous with me, so kind And the horror shes had to injure Losing her husband, her eldest child and her father Its no wonder shes so protective of you Shell never let you out of her sight
cersei;Season 5;You look very much in love The first days of marriage are often so blissful Shes certainly very pretty, isnt she? Like a doll, she smiles quite a lot Do you think shes intelligent? I cant quite tell Not that it matters
tommen;Season 5;Do you ever miss Casterly Rock?
cersei;Season 5;Theres nothing for me in Casterly Rock
tommen;Season 5;Thats where you grew up You always told me that you liked the people there better You said that Kings Landing smelled of horse dung and sour milk
cersei;Season 5;Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?
tommen;Season 5;The way that you talked about it, I always thought that you missed it That you That it was your real home
cersei;Season 5;This is my real home now Where my family lives
tommen;Season 5;I want you to be happy, mother
cersei;Season 5;I know that I know you do, my sweet boy
tommen;Season 5;But wouldnt you be happier in Casterly Rock?
margaery;Season 5;I said, Darling, surely 4 times is enough, are you trying to set a new record? And he said, Well, what is the record? Im sure we can break it
margaery;Season 5;Mother! Welcome
cersei;Season 5;Dont you look lovely Marriage agrees with you
margaery;Season 5;Can we bring you anything to eat or drink? I wish we had some wine for you Its a bit early in the day for us
cersei;Season 5;No, no I, I cant stay I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you
margaery;Season 5;You are very sweet
cersei;Season 5;Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen
margaery;Season 5;I absolutely adore him You raised a gallant young man Im forever grateful
cersei;Season 5;Good Good Im glad to hear youre happy
margaery;Season 5;Ecstatic I really am Exhausted, to be honest, but what can I expect, he is half lion, half stag
cersei;Season 5;Ill leave you to it then
margaery;Season 5;Oh, forgive me, I havent been at Court for long, I get so confused Whats the proper way to address you now? Queen Mother or Dowager Queen?
cersei;Season 5;Theres no need for such formalities
margaery;Season 5;In any event, judging from the Kings enthusiasm, the Queen Mother will be a Queen Grandmother soon
cersei;Season 5;Won’t that be a lovely day
margaery;Season 5;Can you imagine the celebrations? Theyll ring the bells all day and night
cersei;Season 5;Remember Anything you need
roose;Season 5;We cant hold the North with terror alone
ramsay;Season 5;You cant hold the North if you let these lesser lords insult us
roose;Season 5;I sent you there to collect taxes, not bodies
ramsay;Season 5;Lord Cerwyn refused to pay Said the Warden of the North would always be a Stark, and hed be damned if he kissed a traitors boot
roose;Season 5;He left you no choice
ramsay;Season 5;I flayed him living, along with his wife and brother Made his son watch
roose;Season 5;And?
ramsay;Season 5;The new Lord Cerwyn paid his taxes
roose;Season 5;I have something important to tell you Stop eating and listen
roose;Season 5;We dont have enough men to hold the North if the other Houses rise up against us Do you understand that?
ramsay;Season 5;Our pact with the Lannisters protects
roose;Season 5;I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away dealing with that fact Theyve never once in the history of the Seven Kingdoms sent their army this far north If you think they will for us, youre a fool We become a great house by entering in alliances with other houses, and parleying those alliances into greater power The best way to forge a lasting alliance isnt by peeling a mans skin off The best way is marriage Now that youre a Bolton by royal decree, its time you married a suitable bride And as it happens, I found the perfect girl to solidify our hold in the North
sansa;Season 5;Thats Moat Cailin
littlefinger;Season 5;Yes A bit shabby, isnt it? Youve been here before
sansa;Season 5;On our way down to Kings Landing, with my father and Arya and where are you taking me?
littlefinger;Season 5;Home
sansa;Season 5;The Boltons have Winterfell The marriage proposal, it wasnt for you?
littlefinger;Season 5;No
sansa;Season 5;Roose Bolton murdered my brother He betrayed my family
sansa;Season 5;He serves the Lannisters
littlefinger;Season 5;For now
sansa;Season 5;I wont go
littlefinger;Season 5;Winterfell is your home
sansa;Season 5;Not anymore
littlefinger;Season 5;Always Youre a Stark Dyeing your hair doesnt change that Youre Sansa Stark The eldest surviving child of Ned and Catelyn Stark Your place is in the North
sansa;Season 5;I cant marry him You cant make me Hes a traitor A murderer
littlefinger;Season 5;Youre not marrying Roose Bolton No, youll be marrying his son and heir, Ramsay One day hell be Warden of the North and you will
sansa;Season 5;No
littlefinger;Season 5;Sansa
sansa;Season 5;No, you cant make me I will starve myself I will die before I have to go there
littlefinger;Season 5;I wont force you to do anything Dont you know by now how much I care for you? Say the word and we turn the horses round, but listen to me Listen Youve been running all your life Terrible things happened to your family and you weep You sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates Youve been a bystander to tragedy from the day they executed your father Stop being a bystander, do you hear me? Stop running Theres no justice in the world Not unless we make it You loved your family Avenge them
podrick;Season 5;How do we get through there?
brienne;Season 5;We dont We go around
podrick;Season 5;It sets miles out of the way Well lose sight of them
brienne;Season 5;Doesnt matter I know where theyre going
brienne;Season 5;Arent you getting a bit old to be a squire? How did you end up squiring for the Imp?
podrick;Season 5;He hates that nickname
brienne;Season 5;Well, hes not here to complain about it, is he?
podrick;Season 5;I squired for a knight name Ser Lorimer during the War of the Five Kings One night, he had a bit too much to drink And he was famished, so he borrowed a ham
brienne;Season 5;He borrowed it?
podrick;Season 5;He wasnt a thief He was drunk and hungry and he wasnt thinking I was drunk too He gave me half the ham Next morning, one of the guards saw him passed out, under a wagon, with the ham bone still in his hand They hanged the man afternoon They tied the noose for me too, but, Lord Tywin heard my family name was Payne So he pardoned me, and sent me to Kings Landing to squire for his son
brienne;Season 5;As punishment For both of you
podrick;Season 5;It didnt seem that way Lord Tyrion was always very good to me
brienne;Season 5;Yes, all of your lords were very kind to you All except me Sorry you have to squire such a nasty person
podrick;Season 5;Im not sorry Youre the best fighter Ive ever seen You beat The Hound Im proud to be your squire
brienne;Season 5;Im sorry Im always snapping at you
podrick;Season 5;If you wouldnt snap at me I wouldnt learn anything
brienne;Season 5;You want to be a knight, Pod?
podrick;Season 5;Yes
brienne;Season 5;Starting tomorrow, well train with the sword twice a day, before we ride in the morning and after we camp for the evening And Im going to show you how to ride properly
podrick;Season 5;Thank you
brienne;Season 5;I cant knight you, but I can teach you how to fight
podrick;Season 5;I suppose thats more important
podrick;Season 5;You werent a knight, but you were a Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon, werent you?
brienne;Season 5;I was
podrick;Season 5;Lord Tyrion said he was a good man
brienne;Season 5;He was
podrick;Season 5;But how did you end up serving Renly?
brienne;Season 5;When I was a girl, my father held a ball Im his only living child, so he wants to make a good match for me He invited dozens of young lords to Tarth I didnt want to go, but he dragged me to the ballroom And it was wonderful None of the boys noticed how mulish and tall I was The shoved each other, and threatened to duel if they thought it was their turn to dance And whispered in my ear how they wanted to marry me and take me back to their castles My father smiled at me and I smiled at him Id never been so happy Till I saw a few of the boys sniggering And then they all started to laugh, they couldnt keep the game going any longer They were toying with me Brienne the Beauty’, they called me Great joke And I realized I was the ugliest girl alive A great lumbering beast I tried to run away, but Renly Baratheon took me in his arms Dont let them see your tears,” he told me They’re nasty little shits The nasty little shits arent worth crying over.” He danced with me and none of the other boys could say a word And he was the kings brother after all
podrick;Season 5;But wasnt he Lord Tyrion said he was.
brienne;Season 5;Yes, Pod, he liked men, Im not an idiot He didnt love me, he didnt want me, he danced with me because he was kind and he wouldnt see me hurt He saved me from being a joke From that day until his last day And I couldnt save him in return Nothings more hateful than failing to protect the one you love One day, I will avenge King Renly
podrick;Season 5;But you said a shadow murdered him How do you fight a shadow?
brienne;Season 5;A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon I know it was Stannis I know it in my heart Stannis is a man, not a shadow And a man can be killed
stannis;Season 5;Lord Commander
jon;Season 5;Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Id like to speak alone
jon;Season 5;Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormonts I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience One day, he might command
stannis;Season 5;Very well Have you considered my offer?
jon;Season 5;I have And I thank you for it You do me great honor All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark
stannis;Season 5;Say the word and you will be
jon;Season 5;But I have to refuse you Im Lord Commander of the Nights Watch My place is here
stannis;Season 5;Im giving you a chance to avenge your family To take back the castle where you grew up To rule the North
jon;Season 5;I wish I could fight beside you Believe me, I do But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood I pledged my life to the Nights Watch
stannis;Season 5;Youre as stubborn as your father And as honorable
jon;Season 5;I can imagine no higher praise
stannis;Season 5;I didnt mean it as praise Honor got your father killed But if your mind’s made up, I wont try to persuade you
jon;Season 5;May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?
stannis;Season 5;Are you bored of us already?
jon;Season 5;You saved us from Mance Rayders army We will never forget that But its a question of survival The Nights Watch cant continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely Winter is coming
stannis;Season 5;I know it We march on Winterfell within the fortnight Before the snows trap us here
jon;Season 5;And the wildlings?
stannis;Season 5;Theyd rather burn than fight for me, so be it I leave their fate to you You could execute them, thats the safest course Or you could see if this Tormund fellow is more willing to compromise than Mance ever was I assume the brothers of the Nights Watch would rather see the wildlings dead
jon;Season 5;Most of the brothers, yes Theres little love for the free folk here
stannis;Season 5;Youre the Lord Commander Your decision
stannis;Season 5;You have many enemies in Castle Black Have you considered sending Alliser Thorne elsewhere? Give him command of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea
jon;Season 5;I heard it was best to keep your enemies close
stannis;Season 5;Whoever said that didnt have many enemies
davos;Season 5;He sees something in you Might not be apparent from his tone, but its the truth He believes in you
jon;Season 5;Im sorry I disappointed him
davos;Season 5;The king is a complicated man But he wants whats right for the Seven Kingdoms
jon;Season 5;As long as hes ruling them
davos;Season 5;Hes the one true king He has the blood right to that throne
jon;Season 5;I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms
davos;Season 5;Have you now? How does the Nights Watch vow go again? I bet youve got it memorized since you got here
olly;Season 5;Night gathers and now my watch begins
davos;Season 5;Not that bit, the bit at the end
olly;Season 5;Im the sword in the darkness, the watcher on the walls, the shield that guards the realm of men I pledge my life
davos;Season 5;Wait, thats enough The shield that guards the realm of men.” Thats what you swore to be Now Im not a learned man, but the best way of helping the most people might not be sitting in a frozen castle at the edge of the world It just might mean wading in the muck, getting your boots dirty, and doing what needs to be doing
jon;Season 5;And what needs to be done?
davos;Season 5;As long as the Boltons rule the North, , the North will suffer Just one mans opinion
arya;Season 5;What do you want?
waif;Season 5;Who are you?
arya;Season 5;What?
waif;Season 5;You, who walk in here with a coin you never earned, whose value you do not respect Who are you?
arya;Season 5;No one
arya;Season 5;Ow! Cunt
waif;Season 5;A lie, a sad little lie Who are you?
arya;Season 5;I told you, Im no Do that again and
waif;Season 5;Who are you?
arya;Season 5;Youre about to find out
jaqen;Season 5;What are you doing?
waif;Season 5;We were only playing The game of faces
jaqen;Season 5;A girl is not ready
waif;Season 5;Clearly not
arya;Season 5;I am ready
jaqen;Season 5;For what? For whatever you want To be a Faceless Man To be no one
jaqen;Season 5;Whose sword is that? It belongs to Arya Stark Arya Starks sword, Arya Starks clothes, Arya Starks stolen silver A man wonders how is it that no one came to be surrounded by Arya Starks things?
arya;Season 5;What do we do with them after we wash them?
man;Season 5;Open gates
roose;Season 5;Lady Sansa, welcome
sansa;Season 5;Lord Bolton
roose;Season 5;May I introduce my son, , Ramsay Bolton?
ramsay;Season 5;Its an honor to meet you, my Lady
woman;Season 5;Ill bring you a bowl of hot water You must want to wash
sansa;Season 5;Thank you
woman;Season 5;Welcome home, Lady Stark The North remembers
jon;Season 5;Sam Maester Aemon?
sam;Season 5;He apologizes for not being here Hes not feeling well
jon;Season 5;Take good care of him Brothers As you all know too well, its long past time to dig a new latrine pit First Builder Yarwyck and I have decided to appoint a latrine captain to oversee this crucial task Brian Seems like a good job for a ginger
jon;Season 5;Ser Alliser You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack I name you First Ranger
jon;Season 5;Lord Janos Im giving you command of Greyguard
janos;Season 5;Greyguard is a ruin
jon;Season 5;Yes, the fort is in a sorry state Restore it as best you can First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his
janos;Season 5;I was charged with the defense of Kings Landing when you were soiling your swaddling clothes Keep your ruin
sam;Season 5;Alright, alright! Enough of that
jon;Season 5;You mistake me, my Lord That was a command, not an offer Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard
janos;Season 5;I will not go meekly off to freeze and die! Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you I will not have it Do you hear me, boy? I will not have it
jon;Season 5;Are you refusing to obey my order?
janos;Season 5;You can stick your order up your bastard arse
jon;Season 5;Take Lord Janos outside
jon;Season 5;Olly, bring me my sword
janos;Season 5;You cannot do this! Get your hands off me! Scum, all of you! If the boy thinks he can frighten me, hes mistaken, yes, very mistaken
janos;Season 5;A disgrace! I have friends, important friends in the capital! Youll see
jon;Season 5;If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time
janos;Season 5;I was wrong Youre the Lord Commander! We all serve you Im sorry Not only for this, for all Ive done and said I was wrong! My Lord, please, mercy! Mercy! Ill go! I will! Please Im afraid Ive always been afraid
olyvar;Season 5;You have served us well, my son
high septon;Season 5;Thank you, Father
olyvar;Season 5;Which of the Seven will you worship today?
high septon;Season 5;The Maiden
olyvar;Season 5;Where is the Maiden?
high septon;Season 5;And the Stranger
olyvar;Season 5;Two is extra, you realize?
high septon;Season 5;Yes, yes
olyvar;Season 5;What are you doing? This establishment belong to Lord Petyr Baelish You cant
lancel;Season 5;You have profaned our faith The faith of our fathers and forefathers
high septon;Season 5;I am the High Septon of the
lancel;Season 5;You are a sinner And you shall be punished
crowd;Season 5;Sinner! Sinner! Sinner
man;Season 5;Repent
crowd;Season 5;Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner
man;Season 5;Shame on you
crowd;Season 5;Sinner! Sinner
high septon;Season 5;Your Grace, , Grandmaester, Lord Tyrell, , uh
qyburn;Season 5;It doesnt matter
high septon;Season 5;As the High Septon of the Faith of the Seven I give voice to the will of the Gods and am their foremost servant in this world An insult to me is an insult to the Gods An assault on my person, is an assault on our very religion
cersei;Season 5;You were assaulted?
high septon;Season 5;I was, by those fanatics who call themselves sparrows’ They humiliated me, they they beat me, they left me naked and bleeding on the cobblestones I am lucky to be alive
qyburn;Season 5;I heard this all began in Littlefingers brothel
mace;Season 5;High Septon, this is a rather shocking thing to hear
high septon;Season 5;I tend to both the highest born, and the lowliest amongst us Even prostitutes may earn the mercy of the Mother
qyburn;Season 5;So you were administering to the needs of these devout prostitutes?
pycelle;Season 5;A mans private affairs ought to stay private
cersei;Season 5;What do you want from us, High Septon?
high septon;Season 5;Justice! I ask that you protect our Faith by arresting these criminals and throwing them in the black cells I ask that you execute their leader, this so-called High Sparrow Hes a threat to everything we hold sacred If he goes unpunished
cersei;Season 5;And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow?
meryn;Season 5;I dont think this is a good idea, Your Grace
cersei;Season 5;Nonsense, These are deeply religious people Where can I find the High Sparrow?
man;Season 5;Seven blessings
man;Season 5;Thank you
man;Season 5;Just a little more.
woman;Season 5;Thank you ever so for the soup
cersei;Season 5;A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here Where is he?
high sparrow;Season 5;High Sparrow? Sounds ridiculous, doesnt it? Like Lord Duckling, or King Turtle So, its meant to Were often stuck with the names our enemies give to us The notion that we are all equal in the eyes of Seven doesnt sit well with some, so they belittle me
woman;Season 5;Seven blessings to you
high sparrow;Season 5;Seven blessings to you, my dear Its only a name, quite an easy burden to wear Far easier than hers
cersei;Season 5;Why no shoes?
high sparrow;Season 5;Because I gave them away to someone who needed them more We all do that It stops us from forgetting what we really are
cersei;Season 5;Is that why you came to Kings Landing? To remind everyone?
high sparrow;Season 5;Everyone? I have a hard enough job reminding myself Oh, I tell them no ones special And they think Im special for telling them so
cersei;Season 5;Perhaps theyre right
high sparrow;Season 5;It would be comforting to believe that, wouldnt it? The Gods sent you here to tempt me? I hope not I had assumed youd only come here to arrest me For that incident with the High Septon
cersei;Season 5;An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldnt you say?
high sparrow;Season 5;Hypocrisy is a boil Lancing a is never pleasant Although, they could have been more careful with the blade
cersei;Season 5;The High Septon came to speak to me today He doesnt want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you
high sparrow;Season 5;I wouldnt presume to know your thoughts on the matter
cersei;Season 5;My thoughts on the matter align with your own The High Septons behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside So now he resides in the Red Keeps dungeons instead The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world If one collapses, so does the other We must do everything necessary to protect one another
qyburn;Season 5;Your Grace
cersei;Season 5;Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever hes slithering about
qyburn;Season 5;At once, Your Grace
cersei;Season 5;Hows your work coming along?
qyburn;Season 5;Very well
cersei;Season 5;Youve made progress?
qyburn;Season 5;More than Ive expected Still a way to go, but
cersei;Season 5;Very good Ill leave you to it then Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word immediately
qyburn;Season 5;Shh Easy, friend
ramsay;Season 5;She really is lovely I hope I can make her happy
littlefinger;Season 5;I hope so too Ive become quite fond of Lady Sansa during our travels together She’s suffered enough
ramsay;Season 5;Ill never hurt her You have my word
littlefinger;Season 5;Ive heard very little about you Which makes you quite a rare thing, as lords go
ramsay;Season 5;I havent been a lord very long I was a bastard
roose;Season 5;And youre not anymore Allow me a moment alone with Lord Baelish
ramsay;Season 5;Yes, father And thank you, Lord Baelish Im forever in your debt
littlefinger;Season 5;He seems pleased
roose;Season 5;Shouldnt he be?
littlefinger;Season 5;I assure you shes still a virgin Tyrion never consummated the marriage By the law of the land, shes no mans wife Inspect her, if you must
roose;Season 5;I leave that to the brothel keeper Its her name I need, not her virtue
littlefinger;Season 5;Then I have delivered everything Ive promised
roose;Season 5;And you prepared for the consequences When the Lannisters hear Ive wed Sansa Stark to Ramsay
littlefinger;Season 5;The Lannister name doesnt mean what it once did Tywin is dead He kept his house in power through sheer will Without him, Jaime has one hand and no allies, Tommen is a soft boy, not a king to fear
roose;Season 5;The Queen will be enraged
littlefinger;Season 5;Queen Margaery adores Sansa Cersei is Queen Mother, a title whose importance wanes with each passing day
roose;Season 5;And yet she still has friends Men in important places, whom she can ask for favours A message for you, from Cersei Lannister A rider arrived from Eyrie, shortly before dawn Apparently, she thinks youre still in the Vale
littlefinger;Season 5;A message for me, you say Strange that the seal is broken
roose;Season 5;Im sure you understand my position, Lord Baelish If you received word in the night from the Queen Mother, it does make me question our new alliance The Lannisters made you one of the great lords of Westeros Yet, here you are in the North, undermining them Why gamble with your position?
littlefinger;Season 5;Every ambitious move is a gamble You gambled when you drove a dagger into Robb Starks heart It appears that your gamble paid off Youre Warden of the North
roose;Season 5;I had Tywin Lannister backing Who supports me now? You?
littlefinger;Season 5;The Eyrie is mine The last time the lords of the Eyrie formed an alliance with the lords of the North, they brought down the greatest dynasty this world has ever known Id like to borrow one of your birds Cersei will expect a reply
roose;Season 5;Id like to read the reply
tyrion;Season 5;I have to get out of this wheelhouse
varys;Season 5;Volantis is a large city
tyrion;Season 5;I have to get out of this wheelhouse
varys;Season 5;The likelihood of you being spotted here increases a hundredfold
tyrion;Season 5;Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse
varys;Season 5;Im not sure how many new ways I can find of saying this
tyrion;Season 5;I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind I cant remember the last face I saw that wasnt yours
varys;Season 5;Its a perfectly good face
tyrion;Season 5;Im losing my mind
varys;Season 5;If anyone recognizes you, youll lose more than that
tyrion;Season 5;Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros What am I? One more drunk dwarf
tyrion;Season 5;Slaves
varys;Season 5;Yes The Volantene masters are very organized Flies for dung shovelers Hammers for builders Tears for whores Lest they forget
priestess;Season 5;Lord cast your light upon us
crowd;Season 5;Lord cast your light upon us
priestess;Season 5;For the night is dark and full of terrors
varys;Season 5;We should keep moving
crowd;Season 5;For the night is dark and full of terrors
priestess;Season 5;I was once as you are now
priestess;Season 5;Bought and sold, , scourged and branded.
tyrion;Season 5;The only red priest we had in Kings Landing was Thoros of Myr This ones much better looking
priestess;Season 5;"The Lord of Light hears your voice He hears the king as he hears the slave; he hears the Stone Men in their misery."
tyrion;Season 5;Stone men Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer Youd have better luck dancing away the plague
priestess;Season 5;He has sent you a saviour! From the fire she was reborn to remake the world! The Dragon Queen
tyrion;Season 5;Were going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me Who doesnt want to meet the Saviour?
tyrion;Season 5;Come on Lets find a brothel
man;Season 5;It’s good luck to rub a dwarf’s head
tyrion;Season 5;Its even better luck to suck a dwarfs cock
tyrion;Season 5;See? We blend right in Just two more travellers, mad with lust
varys;Season 5;Thank you
tyrion;Season 5;Curious hair
man;Season 5;The mother of dragons
tyrion;Season 5;It appears youre not the only Targaryen supporter
varys;Season 5;Someone who inspires priests and whores is worth taking seriously
man;Season 5;What makes you worth that much?
blonde prostitute;Season 5;I’m magic
man;Season 5;I bet you bloody are
tyrion;Season 5;Well, , shes taken
varys;Season 5;Wherere you going?
tyrion;Season 5;I need to speak to someone with hair
tyrion;Season 5;Hello?
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Hello
tyrion;Season 5;Youve got no drink
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Youve got no money
tyrion;Season 5;Do I look like a man without money? Never trust looks Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? I always pay my debts, Im well known for it
black haired prostitute;Season 5;You like her? They all like her They all want to fuck a queen
tyrion;Season 5;That’s because they’ve never met a queen
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Youre just saying that
tyrion;Season 5;You know how to spot a liar If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Why?
tyrion;Season 5;Because you have a skeptical mind
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Alright, then Im warning you We’re gonna have to wash you first
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Come on
tyrion;Season 5;Im, Im sorry, I cant
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Of course you can Youre shy
tyrion;Season 5;Im not
black haired prostitute;Season 5;Have another drink
tyrion;Season 5;Gladly, but this, I cant do Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am I hope it passes What will I do in my spare time? I’ll go for a piss, that’s a start
tyrion;Season 5;No need to worry, I was just Oh, I thought you were someone else Shows almost over Im sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige
tyrion;Season 5;You made some kind of mistake Why dont you tell me what you think you are doing and
jaime;Season 5;Is that Estermont?
captain;Season 5;Tarth, Ser Jaime The Sapphire Isle
bronn;Season 5;Why are we on a merchant ship? Why no Lannister sails?
jaime;Season 5;This ships sailing to Oldtown Well get off earlier, not far from Sunspear Row ourselves to the Dornish shores in the night
bronn;Season 5;You ever been to Dorne?
jaime;Season 5;No
bronn;Season 5;I have The Dornish are crazy All they want to do is fight and fuck Fuck and fight
jaime;Season 5;You should be happy to go back
bronn;Season 5;Theres nothing like a good fight to get you in the mood for fucking And theres nothing like a fuck-mad Dornish girl to clear your head for the next fight Its how the two work together And were gonna do a lot of fighting, I am sure Well, I am But I dont imagine well get to stick around for the rest Not after weve kidnapped their princess
jaime;Season 5;We are not kidnapping their princess We are rescuing my niece, bringing her back to the family
bronn;Season 5;Your niece?
bronn;Season 5;Ive been doing this sort of thing a long time Im good at it
jaime;Season 5;Thats why youre here
bronn;Season 5;I know Why are you here? Why not send 40 of me, or an army? Unlike most folks, you actually got one
jaime;Season 5;Because I dont want to start a war
bronn;Season 5;That still doesnt explain why youre doing it
jaime;Season 5;It has to be me
bronn;Season 5;If Im putting something of a lit together, a one-handed man, , who happens to be one of the most recognizable faces in Westeros, is not
jaime;Season 5;It has to be me
bronn;Season 5;You set your brother free, didnt you? I bet your sister didnt like that
jaime;Season 5;Varys set him free
bronn;Season 5;Well, if you ever see the little fucker, , give him my regards
jaime;Season 5;He murdered my father If I ever see him, Ill split him in two And then Ill give him your regards
mace;Season 5;The Iron Bank has called one tenth of the Crowns debts Given the expense of rebuilding the royal
cersei;Season 5;How much can the Crown afford?
mace;Season 5;With winter coming, half what they ask Less
cersei;Season 5;Youre the Master of Coin How do we pay them?
mace;Season 5;Well, House Tyrell could front the gold, and the the Crown will pay us back in time, or Ill have words with my daughter
cersei;Season 5;Youve already given us too much No, we must arrange better terms with the Iron Bank
mace;Season 5;Absolutely
cersei;Season 5;In person
mace;Season 5;Me?
cersei;Season 5;We must send an envoy to the Iron Bank, someone of importance, to show these bankers our respect As the Kings Master of Coin, I can think of no one more qualified
mace;Season 5;I will be honored, Your Grace
cersei;Season 5;ing has expressed concern about his father-in-laws safety on this voyage Hes ordered Ser Meryn to personally lead your escort
mace;Season 5;My very own Kingsguard? Please express
cersei;Season 5;Safe travels, Lord Tyrell
mace;Season 5;Of course, of course, Ill give your regards to the Titan of Braavos
pycelle;Season 5;The Small Council grows smaller and smaller
cersei;Season 5;Not small enough
cersei;Season 5;May I offer you some wine, Your Holiness?
high sparrow;Season 5;No
cersei;Season 5;The old High Septon would have asked the vintage
high sparrow;Season 5;I could say that our minds are temples to the Seven and should be kept pure But the truth is, , I dont like the taste
cersei;Season 5;Hmm
high sparrow;Season 5;How may I serve?
cersei;Season 5;All over Westeros we hear about septs being burned Silent sisters raped Bodies of holy men piled in the streets
high sparrow;Season 5;Wars teach people to obey the sword, not the Gods
cersei;Season 5;Perhaps the Gods need a sword of their own In the days before the Targaryens, the Faith Militant dispensed the justice of the Seven
high sparrow;Season 5;Well, the Faith Militant was disarmed more than two centuries ago
cersei;Season 5;If I explain the holy purpose to my son, the king, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers you felt worthy
high sparrow;Season 5;An army that defends the bodies and souls of the common people
cersei;Season 5;An army and service to the Gods themselves And to you, of course As the chosen representative of the Seven
high sparrow;Season 5;An honor I never expected Or indeed, ever wished for
cersei;Season 5;Which is why you were chosen You and I both know how the world works Too often the wicked are the wealthiest, beyond the reach of justice The king himself cannot always punish those who deserve it most
high sparrow;Season 5;All sinners are equal before the Gods
cersei;Season 5;What would you say if I told you we have a great sinner in our very midst? Shielded by gold and privilege
high sparrow;Season 5;May the Father judge him justly
merchant;Season 5;Help me! Help me
olyvar;Season 5;This is Lord Petyr Baelishs establishment
militant;Season 5;Cocksucker! Boy fucker! You barbaric filth! Theres a special place in the Seventh Hell for your kind
client;Season 5;Please, please, Ill pay! Ill pay all of you
militant;Season 5;Yes, you will! Seize him
militant;Season 5;Seize him
loras;Season 5;Get your hands off of me
lancel;Season 5;Ser Loras of House Tyrell, you have broken the laws of Gods and men
loras;Season 5;Who do you think you are?
lancel;Season 5;Justice
margaery;Season 5;Why is my brother in a cell?
tommen;Season 5;I, I dont know I, I didnt order it
margaery;Season 5;We both know who did You told me she was returning to Casterly Rock
tommen;Season 5;Are you saying my mother is behind this?
margaery;Season 5;Shes jealous youre not hers anymore Arresting my brother is her revenge
tommen;Season 5;Arent you and mother getting along?
margaery;Season 5;Oh, my sweet, sweet King Do you have any affection for me at all?
tommen;Season 5;Of course I do Youre my Queen
margaery;Season 5;I cant bear to think of my brother locked away in some grimy cell
tommen;Season 5;Ill set him free for you
margaery;Season 5;Do you promise?
tommen;Season 5;I demand that Ser Loras be freed now
cersei;Season 5;Did I arrest him?
tommen;Season 5;Well, no But you armed the Faith Militant You gave the High Sparrow an army
cersei;Season 5;I did And your wife has every right to criticize Cant allow fanatics to arrest the Queens brother, no matter his perversions
tommen;Season 5;Then can I tell Margaery youll have Ser Loras released?
cersei;Season 5;I told you I am not holding Ser Loras Youre the King Im sure if you speak to the High Sparrow, hell release the poor boy
kingsguard;Season 5;Halt
militant;Season 5;His Holiness is praying He will not be disturbed
kingsguard;Season 5;Give the order and well tear out this rebel
tommen;Season 5;You mean, kill them? Here, in the sept?
kingsguard;Season 5;Youll be sending them to meet the Gods that they love
man;Season 5;Bastard
man;Season 5;Youre an abomination
man;Season 5;Youre born of sin
woman;Season 5;Filthy bastard
tommen;Season 5;Well find another way
man;Season 5;Abomination
tommen;Season 5;My Queen?
tommen;Season 5;There was no way to free Ser Loras without violence
margaery;Season 5;Youre the King of the Andals, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, the Protector of the Realm And you let a band of fanatics imprison your brother by law
tommen;Season 5;Im going to speak to the High Sparrow
margaery;Season 5;Are you? When?
tommen;Season 5;I I dont know
margaery;Season 5;You dont know?
tommen;Season 5;He was praying just now
margaery;Season 5;I have to send word to Grandmother
tommen;Season 5;Will you come back later?
margaery;Season 5;I need to be with my family, Your Grace
tommen;Season 5;Of course
selyse;Season 5;You think highly of this boy
jon;Season 5;Good
stannis;Season 5;Lord Commander of the Nights Watch
selyse;Season 5;A bastard by some tavern slut
stannis;Season 5;Perhaps, but that wasnt Ned Starks way
selyse;Season 5;I should have given you a son
stannis;Season 5;Not your fault
selyse;Season 5;Whose then? I gave you nothing but weakness And deformity
melisandre;Season 5;Those scars mean nothing to the Lord of Light
selyse;Season 5;My Lady
melisandre;Season 5;Her father is the Lords chosen King And her fathers blood runs through her veins
melisandre;Season 5;You march on Winterfell soon?
stannis;Season 5;We must To beat the snows
melisandre;Season 5;Once before you put your faith in Ser Davos and left me behind I hope you wont make that mistake again
stannis;Season 5;I wont I need you
melisandre;Season 5;You only need faith, my King
stannis;Season 5;And you, my Lady, what do you need?
melisandre;Season 5;To serve my Lord
sam;Season 5;Lord Ashford Lady Caulfield Lord Smallwood
jon;Season 5;Never even heard of these people
sam;Season 5;They havent heard of you either But we need men and they have some
jon;Season 5;And how many men does this Lord Mazin have to send us?
sam;Season 5;More than Lord Wibberley
jon;Season 5;Not him
sam;Season 5;I know, Im sorry, but we need men and supplies And Roose Bolton is the Warden of The North
jon;Season 5;He murdered my brother
sam;Season 5;We swore to be the Watchers on the Wall We cant watch the Wall with 50 men And we cant get more men without help from the Warden of the North
sam;Season 5;Apologies, my Lady
melisandre;Season 5;Lord Commander
jon;Season 5;How can I help you?
melisandre;Season 5;Come with us when we ride south None of us know the castle as well as you do Its hidden tunnels, its weaknesses, its people Winterfell was your home once Dont you want to chase the rats out of it?
jon;Season 5;Castle Black is my home now Nights Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms
melisandre;Season 5;Theres only one war Life against death Come Let me show what youre fighting for
jon;Season 5;Youre gonna show me some vision in the fire Forgive me, my Lady But I dont trust in visions
melisandre;Season 5;No visions No magic Just life
melisandre;Season 5;Do you feel my heart beating? This power in you, you resist it, and thats your mistake Embrace it
melisandre;Season 5;The Lord of Light made us male and female Two parts of a greater whole We are joining this power Power to make life, power to make light, and power to cast shadows
jon;Season 5;I dont think Stannis would like that very much
melisandre;Season 5;Then we shouldnt tell him
jon;Season 5;I cant
melisandre;Season 5;Why?
jon;Season 5;I swore a vow I loved another
melisandre;Season 5;The dead dont need lovers Only the living
jon;Season 5;I know But I still love her
melisandre;Season 5;You know nothing, Jon Snow
stannis;Season 5;Are you lonely?
shireen;Season 5;Just bored
stannis;Season 5;My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources
shireen;Season 5;Were you bored a lot, too?
stannis;Season 5;I know Castle Black is no place for a child, but I
shireen;Season 5;I like it I thought Id be left at home I know mother didnt want to bring me
stannis;Season 5;Why do you say that?
shireen;Season 5;She told me, I dont want to bring you
stannis;Season 5;She shouldnt have said that
shireen;Season 5;Are you ashamed of me, father?
stannis;Season 5;When you were an infant, , the Dornish trailer landed on Dragonstone His goods were junk except for one wooden doll Hed even sewn a dress on it in the colors of our House No doubt hed heard of your birth, and assumed new fathers were easy targets I still remember how you smiled when I put that doll in your cradle, , and you pressed it to your cheek By the time we burnt the doll, it was too late I was told you would die Or worse, the grayscale would go slow Let you grow just enough to know the world before taking it away from you Everyone advised me to send you to the ruins of Valyria to live out your short life with the Stone men, before the sickness spread to the castle I told them all to go to hell I called in every maester on this side of the world Every healer, every apothecary They stopped the disease and saved your life Because you did not belong across the world with the bloody Stone men You are the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon And you are my daughter
littlefinger;Season 5;I thought I might find you here Your Aunt Lyanna
sansa;Season 5;Father never talked about her Sometimes Id find him down here, lighting the candles They say she was beautiful
littlefinger;Season 5;I saw her once I was a boy, living with your mothers family Lord Whent had a great tourney at Harrenhal Everyone was there The Mad King, your father, Robert Baratheon And Lyanna, she was already promised to Robert You can imagine what it was like for me, a boy from nowhere, with nothing to his name, watching these legendary men, tilting at the lists The last two riders were Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen When Rhaegar won, everyone cheered for the prince I remember the girls laughing when he took off his helmet and they saw that silver hair How handsome he was Until he rode right past his wife, Elia Martell, and all the smiles died Ive never seen so many people so quiet He rode past his wife, and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyannas lap Blue as frost How many tens of thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose your aunt?
sansa;Season 5;Yes, he chose her and then he kidnapped her and raped her
littlefinger;Season 5;Come Lets speak somewhere the dead cant hear us
sansa;Season 5;Dressed for riding?
littlefinger;Season 5;I am
sansa;Season 5;Where are you going?
littlefinger;Season 5;Kings Landing
sansa;Season 5;Kings Landing?
littlefinger;Season 5;Cersei sent for me We must not let her sniff out any trouble
sansa;Season 5;You cant leave me here
littlefinger;Season 5;I know how hard it is to live with people you despise, believe me But it wont be for long
sansa;Season 5;How do you know?
littlefinger;Season 5;Stannis Baratheon garrisons at Castle Black Hell march south to Kings Landing before the winter snows block his way But first, he has to take Winterfell
sansa;Season 5;You dont know that
littlefinger;Season 5;I do Once he liberates these lands from the Boltons hell rally your fathers bannermen to his cause With the North behind him, Stannis can finally take the Iron Throne
sansa;Season 5;You think hell defeat the Boltons?
littlefinger;Season 5;He has a larger army Hes the finest military commander in Westeros A betting man would put his money on Stannis As it happens, I am a betting man
sansa;Season 5;And if youre right?
littlefinger;Season 5;Stannis takes Winterfell, he rescues you from the most despised family in the North Grateful for your late fathers courageous support for his claim, he names you Wardeness of the North
sansa;Season 5;But I, I wouldnt Wardeness of the North
littlefinger;Season 5;You are the last surviving Stark He needs you
sansa;Season 5;What if youre wrong? What if Stannis never attacks Winterfell, or he does and the Boltons defeat him?
littlefinger;Season 5;Then you will take this Bolton boy, Ramsay, and make him yours
sansa;Season 5;I dont know how to do that
littlefinger;Season 5;Of course you do Hes already fallen for you
sansa;Season 5;His father frightens me
littlefinger;Season 5;He should, hes a dangerous man But even the most dangerous men can be outmaneuvered And you’ve learnt to maneuver from the very best I return before too long Youll be strong without me The North will be yours Do you believe me?
sansa;Season 5;I expect Ill be a married woman by the time you return
bronn;Season 5;Breakfast
bronn;Season 5;That would have been a shit way to die
jaime;Season 5;As far as Ive seen, theyre all shit ways to die
bronn;Season 5;Aye But your lot like to give the singers a good ending
jaime;Season 5;I dont care whats sung about me when Im dead
bronn;Season 5;No? Two knights, off to rescue a princess Sounds like a good song to me
jaime;Season 5;Sounds like all the rest
jaime;Season 5;What about you? What shit way would you choose?
bronn;Season 5;In my own keep, drinking my own wine, watching my sons grovel for my fortune
jaime;Season 5;How disappointing I thought youd have something more exciting planned
bronn;Season 5;Ive had an exciting life I want my death to be boring How do you want to go?
jaime;Season 5;In the arms of the woman I love
bronn;Season 5;She want the same thing?
jaime;Season 5;Lets go
bronn;Season 5;The captain to that ship What was he, Braavosi?
jaime;Season 5;Pentoshi
bronn;Season 5;And hes headed to Oldtown?
jaime;Season 5;As I said Why?
bronn;Season 5;Whats to stop him from docking down the coast and telling the locals that Jaime Lannisters in Dorne?
jaime;Season 5;A bag of gold
bronn;Season 5;Im not sure you understand how much people hate your family in this part of the world
jaime;Season 5;It was a heavy bag
bronn;Season 5;And I bet he swore all kinds of oaths to get it But you wont be around if he breaks them
bronn;Season 5;How many you count?
jaime;Season 5;Four
bronn;Season 5;How many you think you can take?
jaime;Season 5;One, if hes slow
rider;Season 5;Halt
bronn;Season 5;Fucked in the arse Hiya! Morning, lads Glad we found you
rider;Season 5;Who are you?
bronn;Season 5;Cooper This is Darnell
rider;Season 5;Youre from Kings Landing
bronn;Season 5;Accent gave me away? Flea Bottom Whelped and whipped
rider;Season 5;Why are you here?
bronn;Season 5;Our ship capsized in the night We managed to swim ashore It was a near thing, really
jaime;Season 5;I thought the sharks would get us
rider;Season 5;There are no sharks in Dorne
jaime;Season 5;I could have sworn those were shark fins
bronn;Season 5;Dolphins maybe
rider;Season 5;Throw your swords in the sand
bronn;Season 5;Boys, theres no need for this Just, point us in the right direction Well find our way home
rider;Season 5;Swords in the sand! Now
bronn;Season 5;That one should be slow enough
bronn;Season 5;Nice move!
jaime;Season 5;Luck
bronn;Season 5;You had a wonderful teacher
bronn;Season 5;Always wanted a Dornish stallion Beasts can run a day and night without tiring Well ride to the Water Gardens with a nice breeze in our face
jaime;Season 5;First we need to bury these bodies
bronn;Season 5;Birds have to eat too
jaime;Season 5;Corpses raise questions, questions raise armies Were not here to start a war
bronn;Season 5;Do you know how long it will take us to dig all those holes?
jaime;Season 5;I cant dig very well with one hand Not at all, really
tyene;Season 5;Nama
elaria;Season 5;Nym, Obara
obara;Season 5;Will it be war?
elaria;Season 5;Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else We must avenge Oberyn ourselves
obara;Season 5;Without Doran we have no army to march against the Lannisters
elaria;Season 5;We dont need an army to start a war Queen Cersei loves her children, and we have one of them
nymeria;Season 5;We may have a problem
obara;Season 5;A ships captain, who found me in Planky Town, claiming he had information to sell He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne
elaria;Season 5;Hes come for Myrcella If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge You must choose Dorans way and peace, or my way and war
tyene;Season 5;Im with you Always
elaria;Season 5;Nym? Obara?
obara;Season 5;When I was a child, , Oberyn came to take me to court Id never seen this man, and yet he called himself my father My mother wept, said I was too young, and a girl Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, Girl or boy, we fight our battles But the Gods let us choose our weapons My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mothers tears
obara;Season 5;I made my choice long ago
tyrion;Season 5;Thank you Who are you?
jorah;Season 5;Your captor
tyrion;Season 5;Do you have wine?
jorah;Season 5;No
tyrion;Season 5;I cant sleep without wine
jorah;Season 5;Then stay awake
tyrion;Season 5;Youre going the wrong way My sisters in Westeros Westeros is west! Were heading east
jorah;Season 5;Im not taking you to your sister
tyrion;Season 5;You said you were taking me to the Queen
jorah;Season 5;I am Queen Daenerys Targaryen Shes the Queen I serve
tyrion;Season 5;What a waste of a good kidnapping So happens I was heading there myself
jorah;Season 5;What business would you have with the Queen?
tyrion;Season 5;Gold and glory Oh, and hate If youve ever met my sister, youd understand So now that its clear were on the same side? A high born knight from the North of Westeros, down on his luck in Essos Dragon epaulettes? Bear sigil breast plate Youre Jorah Mormont I have to ask how, exactly, were you serving your Queen in a whore house, half a world away? Is it possible, that you were running? Why would you be running? And why would she have sent you away? Oh, wait! You were spying on her, werent you? Its all coming back to me! I was drunk through most of the Small Council meetings, but its all coming back You passed notes to Varyss little birds She found out, didnt she? Found out, and exiled you And now you hope to win back her favor with a gift A risky scheme One might even say, desperate Do you think Daenerys would execute me, and pardon you? Id say the reverse is just as likely
daenerys;Season 5;Everyone looks happy enough from up here What?
barristan;Season 5;I was thinking of all the times your brother made me go with him down from the Red Keep, into the streets of Kings Landing
daenerys;Season 5;Why?
barristan;Season 5;He liked to walk among the people, he liked to sing to them
daenerys;Season 5;He sang to them?
barristan;Season 5;Yes Rhaegar would take a spot on the Hook or the Street of Seeds and then hed sing Just like all the other minstrels
daenerys;Season 5;And what did you do?
barristan;Season 5;I made sure no one killed him And I collected the money Well he liked to see how much he could make
daenerys;Season 5;He was good?
barristan;Season 5;He was very good Viserys never told you?
daenerys;Season 5;He told me Rhaegar was good at killing people
barristan;Season 5;Rhaegar never liked killing He loved singing
daenerys;Season 5;And what did you do with the money?
barristan;Season 5;Well, one time, he gave it to the next minstrel down the street One time, he gave it to an orphanage in Flea Bottom One time we got horribly drunk
dario;Season 5;Your Grace Hizdahr is here, waiting in your audience chamber
daenerys;Season 5;How many others are there?
dario;Season 5;Fifty a hundred
daenerys;Season 5;Will you be joining us, Ser Barristan?
dario;Season 5;I think I can protect you from Hizdahr Zo Loraq
daenerys;Season 5;I think I can protect me from Hizdahr Zo Loraq Go, Ser Barristan Sing a song for me
barristan;Season 5;Your Grace
hizdahr;Season 5;All men must die But not all can die in glory
missandei;Season 5;Glory?
hizdahr;Season 5;Why else do men fight? Why did your ancestors cross the Narrow Sea and conquer the Seven Kingdoms? So their names would live on Those who find victory in the fighting pits, will never become kings, but their names will live on Its the best chance theyll ever have
daenerys;Season 5;Is that what you used to tell men before you set them to butchering each other for sport?
hizdahr;Season 5;Your Grace, today is the traditional start of the fighting season
daenerys;Season 5;I do not recognize this tradition
hizdahr;Season 5;Traditions are the only thing that will hold this city, your city, together Without them, former slaves and former masters have nothing in common Nothing but centuries of mistrust and resentment I cant promise this is the answer to all our problems, but its a start
hizdahr;Season 5;I am so sorry, my queen He was a good man
daenerys;Season 5;Barristan the Bold they called him He crossed a continent to serve me He was a loyal friend And he died in an alley, butchered by cowards who hide behind masks
daario;Season 5;We could pull back to the pyramid district, secure it, and use it as a base from which to operate Then we clean the city out, neighborhood by neighborhood, street by street, until the rats have nowhere left to hide
daenerys;Season 5;I prefer your earlier suggestion Round up the leaders of each of Meereens great families and bring them to me
hizdahr;Season 5;But Im the leader of my family
hizdahr;Season 5;No, Your Grace! I had nothing to do with this Your Grace
daenerys;Season 5;Walk forward
man;Season 5;You cannot do this
daenerys;Season 5;Another step
daenerys;Season 5;They will eat you, if I tell them to They may eat you even if I don’t Children Some say I should give up on them But a good mother never gives up on her children She disciplines them if she must
daenerys;Season 5;But she does not give up on them
daenerys;Season 5;Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are, , maybe none of you are Maybe, , I should let the dragons decide
hizdahr;Season 5;All men must die
daenerys;Season 5;Dont want to overfeed them Tomorrow perhaps
sam;Season 5;And though Daenerys maintains her grip on Slavers Bay, forces rise against her from within and without She refuses to leave until the freedom of the former slaves is secure She sounds like quite a woman
aemon;Season 5;And shes alone, under siege, no family to guide her or protect her Her last relation thousands of miles away, useless, dying
sam;Season 5;Dont say that, Maester Aemon
aemon;Season 5;A Targaryen, alone in the world, is a terrible thing
jon;Season 5;Maester Aemon
aemon;Season 5;Lord Commander
jon;Season 5;Sam, Id like to speak to the maester alone
jon;Season 5;How are you feeling?
aemon;Season 5;Oh, like a hundred-year-old man slowly freezing to death
jon;Season 5;I need your advice Theres something I want to do, something I have to do But itll divide the Nights Watch Bitterly Half the men will hate me the moment I give the order
aemon;Season 5;Half the men hate you already, Lord Commander Do it
jon;Season 5;But you dont know what it is
aemon;Season 5;That doesnt matter You do You will find little joy in your command But with luck, you will find the strength to do what needs to be done Kill the boy, Jon Snow Winter is almost upon us Kill the boy, and let the man be born
jon;Season 5;Where are the rest of the free folk now? Where have they gone? Who leads them?
tormund;Season 5;They followed Mance They wont follow anyone else
jon;Season 5;What about you?
tormund;Season 5;Hard to lead when youre in chains
jon;Season 5;What if I unchained you?
tormund;Season 5;Why would you do that?
jon;Season 5;Because you are not my enemy And Im not yours
tormund;Season 5;You sure seemed like my enemy when you were killing my friends
jon;Season 5;For 8,000 years the Nights Watch have sworn an oath to be the shield that guards the realms of men And for 8,000 years weve fallen short of that oath You belong to the realms of men All of you
tormund;Season 5;And now everything is going to change?
jon;Season 5;It is
tormund;Season 5;Why now?
jon;Season 5;Because now, , I am Lord Commander of the Nights Watch
tormund;Season 5;What would you have me do, , Lord Commander?
jon;Season 5;Id have you go north of the Wall Gather the remaining free folk wherever they are and bring them back here Ill open the gates for them and let them through Ill find them lands to settle south of the Wall
tormund;Season 5;They wont kneel for you and neither will I
jon;Season 5;I dont want them to kneel for me I want them to fight with me when the time comes
tormund;Season 5;The day I ask my people to fight with the crows is the day my people cut my guts from my belly and make me eat them
jon;Season 5;And how many of your people cant fight? The women, the children, the old, the sick, what happens to them? Youre condemning them to death Worse than death because youre too proud to make peace Or maybe youre not proud Maybe youre just a coward
tormund;Season 5;Easy thing to say to a man in chains
jon;Season 5;Your people need a leader And they need to get south of the Wall before its too late We dont have much time and they have less The walkers are coming and theyll hit your people first Im not asking you to make peace to save your skin Make peace to save your people
tormund;Season 5;Most of them are at Hardhome You know where that is?
jon;Season 5;Up on Storrolds Point I can give you 10 horses and nine other men You can get there in a week
tormund;Season 5;Well need ships
jon;Season 5;Ill talk to King Stannis about lending you his fleet
tormund;Season 5;All right, then Youre coming with me Youre the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch They need to hear it from you They need to know the ships they are boarding won’t be torched in the middle of the sea You come with me, or I dont go
man;Season 5;Youd bring wildlings here, through our gates?
jon;Season 5;Men, women, and children will die by the thousands if we do nothing
man;Season 5;Let them die We got our own to worry about Less enemies for us
stannis;Season 5;Fewer
davos;Season 5;What?
stannis;Season 5;Nothing
sam;Season 5;There is good farmland in the Gift Land that no one uses now A dozen abandoned villages
man;Season 5;And why do you think the farmers abandoned those villages? Because the wildlings raided them for years Cut them down! Just like they did this boys people
allister;Season 5;Weve been fighting them all for thousands of years Theyve slaughtered villages Theyve slaughtered our brothers
jon;Season 5;And weve slaughtered theirs
edd;Season 5;I will follow you anywhere, you know that But they killed Grenn And they killed Pyp They killed 50 of our brothers I cant forget that I cant forgive it
jon;Season 5;You were at the Fist of the First Men If we abandon them, you know what they become We can learn to live with the wildlings or we can add them to the army of the dead Whatever they are now, theyre better than that
jon;Season 5;Thank you Olly If you have something you want to say to me, say it Its all right
olly;Season 5;You dont mean it, do you? Telling the wildlings you want to make peace Youre just doing it to trick them
jon;Season 5;Its not a trick
olly;Season 5;They burned my village They put an arrow through my fathers head right in front of me They butchered my mother, everyone I ever knew
jon;Season 5;I know what its like to lose the people you love I know this is hard for you But winter is coming We know whats coming with it We cant face it alone
olly;Season 5;Will there be anything else you need, Lord Commander?
jon;Season 5;No
podrick;Season 5;Shes far away from the Lannisters This is her home Maybe Lady Sansa is better off here
brienne;Season 5;Better off with the Boltons who murdered her mother and brother? Sansas in danger even if she doesnt realize it
brienne;Season 5;Thank you Youve lived here a long time?
man;Season 5;Aye
brienne;Season 5;Did you know Lord Eddard?
man;Season 5;I knew him and his father before him The Starks are gone now
brienne;Season 5;Not all of them I know whos inside that castle
man;Season 5;Everyone knows The Boltons
brienne;Season 5;Im not talking about the Boltons I need to get a message to her To Sansa Stark
man;Season 5;Who are you?
brienne;Season 5;Someone who swore to keep her safe
man;Season 5;Swore to who?
brienne;Season 5;Her mother
man;Season 5;Her mothers dead
brienne;Season 5;That doesnt release me from an oath I served Lady Catelyn I serve her still Who do you serve?
ramsay;Season 5;Come back here Myranda
myranda;Season 5;I saw you staring at her
ramsay;Season 5;Im going to marry her That will involve looking at her from time to time
myranda;Season 5;You said youd marry me
ramsay;Season 5;And I meant it When I was a bastard named Snow But Im a Bolton now What I want is no longer the primary consideration Im furthering a dynasty
myranda;Season 5;Do you think shes pretty?
ramsay;Season 5;Of course I do Im not blind
ramsay;Season 5;You think shes pretty, too Im looking forward to our wedding night But dont worry, Ill have plenty of time for you
myranda;Season 5;Perhaps Ill marry, too
ramsay;Season 5;Youre the kennel masters daughter Who are you going to marry, the stable keepers son? Youre mine Youre not going anywhere Unless I have to listen to more of your jealousy Jealousy bores me You remember what happens to people who bore me Youre not going to bore me, are you, Myranda?
myranda;Season 5;Never
woman;Season 5;Beg pardon, my lady Ive come to refill the wash basin
sansa;Season 5;Oh, I dont need
woman;Season 5;You still have friends in the North If youre ever in trouble, light a candle in the highest window of the broken tower
sansa;Season 5;But who
woman;Season 5;Youre not alone
myranda;Season 5;I like your dress Who made it for you?
sansa;Season 5;I made it myself
myranda;Season 5;Really?
sansa;Season 5;Who, who are you?
myranda;Season 5;Im Myranda, the kennel masters daughter May I? Oh, wonderful The stitching Who taught you?
sansa;Season 5;My mother
myranda;Season 5;Im sorry for what happened to her
sansa;Season 5;Thank you
myranda;Season 5;Its good that she taught you It was a gift Now every time you wear something you made, you can remember her
sansa;Season 5;Id rather have a mother
myranda;Season 5;I know Its not the same Still, its good to remember Remember the way things were I almost forgot Theres something else to help you remember
myranda;Season 5;Down there at the end
sansa;Season 5;What is it?
myranda;Season 5;That would spoil the surprise Go ahead, its perfectly safe You wont believe it when you see it
sansa;Season 5;Theon?
theon;Season 5;You shouldnt be here
ramsay;Season 5;You smell particularly ripe this evening Pour me some wine
ramsay;Season 5;Do you have something to tell me?
theon;Season 5;No, my lord
ramsay;Season 5;Reek
theon;Season 5;She saw me
ramsay;Season 5;Who?
theon;Season 5;Sansa Lady Sansa She came to the kennels
ramsay;Season 5;She saw you?
theon;Season 5;Yes Im sorry, master Forgive me I didnt think
ramsay;Season 5;Come here
ramsay;Season 5;You mustnt keep secrets from me, Reek Get on your knees
ramsay;Season 5;Give me your hand
ramsay;Season 5;I forgive you
roose;Season 5;I trust you find your chamber suitable, my lady
sansa;Season 5;Yes, thank you, my lord
ramsay;Season 5;Allow me
ramsay;Season 5;Mother
walda;Season 5;Thank you, Ramsay
ramsay;Season 5;My lady, we are all a family, we northerners Our blood ties go back thousands of years So Id like to drink to our wedding May our happiness spread from Moat Cailin to the Last Hearth
roose;Season 5;To your wedding
walda;Season 5;To your wedding
walda;Season 5;It must be difficult for you being in a strange place
sansa;Season 5;This isnt a strange place This is my home Its the people who are strange
ramsay;Season 5;Youre right Very strange More wine, please
ramsay;Season 5;I heard you two had reunited A fitting place for it I like to imagine that the last time you spoke was in this very room Are you still angry with him after he what he did? Dont worry The North remembers I punished him for it Hes not ironborn anymore Not Theon Greyjoy anymore Hes a new man A new person, anyway Arent you, Reek?
theon;Season 5;Yes, master
ramsay;Season 5;Thats his new name, Reek
sansa;Season 5;Why are you doing this?
ramsay;Season 5;Because Reek has something to say to you Dont you, Reek? An apology Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did Apologize for murdering her two brothers
theon;Season 5;Im sorry
ramsay;Season 5;Look at her, Reek An apology doesnt mean anything if youre not looking the person in the eye
theon;Season 5;Im sorry
ramsay;Season 5;Sorry about what?
theon;Season 5;For killing your brothers
ramsay;Season 5;There, over and done with Doesnt everyone feel better? I do That was getting very tense Whew You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left Reek You will give away the bride Someone has to What better person? Good? Good?
roose;Season 5;Yes, yes, very good
ramsay;Season 5;Wonderful
roose;Season 5;Walda and I have some good news as well, since were all together
walda;Season 5;Were going to have a baby
sansa;Season 5;Im very happy for you
roose;Season 5;From the way shes carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy
ramsay;Season 5;How can you be sure?
roose;Season 5;Sure of what?
ramsay;Season 5;That shes pregnant I mean how can you tell?
roose;Season 5;Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt
ramsay;Season 5;So how did you manage it?
roose;Season 5;Manage what?
ramsay;Season 5;Getting her pregnant
roose;Season 5;I imagine youre familiar with the procedure
ramsay;Season 5;Of course, but how did you find it?
roose;Season 5;You disgraced yourself at dinner, parading that creature before the Stark girl
ramsay;Season 5;And if its a boy?
roose;Season 5;Youre worried about your position
ramsay;Season 5;My position is quite clear Im your son until a better alternative comes along
roose;Season 5;Youve never asked me about your mother
ramsay;Season 5;Why would I? She had me, she died And here we are
roose;Season 5;She was a peasant girl Pretty in a common sort of way She was the millers wife Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent So I had him hanged and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying She fought me the whole time She was lucky I didnt hang her, too A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms A baby she claimed was mine I nearly had her whipped and the child thrown in the river But then I looked at you and I saw then what I see now You are my son Stannis Baratheon has an army at Castle Black But he wont stay for long He wants the Iron Throne, and the road to Kings Landing comes right through Winterfell He means to take the North But the North is ours Its yours and mine Will you help me defeat him?
ramsay;Season 5;Yes
gilly;Season 5;Is this every book there is?
sam;Season 5;Every book there is?
gilly;Season 5;In the world
sam;Season 5;Well, no There are thousands and thousands of books out there This library is rather small, actually
gilly;Season 5;Where you grew up, were there more books?
sam;Season 5;My fathers not the most literate man They say the Citadel has the largest library in the world
gilly;Season 5;Wheres that?
sam;Season 5;The Citadel? In Oldtown
gilly;Season 5;Im sorry I dont know things
sam;Season 5;Gilly, look at me You know how to do a hundred things I can never do You can build a fire with wet wood You can cook You can stitch a wound
gilly;Season 5;I can wash the linens I can sweep the floor
sam;Season 5;Well
gilly;Season 5;Why does the Citadel have the biggest library?
sam;Season 5;Its where they train the maesters
gilly;Season 5;Like Maester Aemon?
sam;Season 5;I wanted to be one when I was young Instead, I became a man of the Nights Watch Far more adventure up here anyway I wouldnt have met you
sam;Season 5;Ah, Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Youre Samwell Tarly?
sam;Season 5;I am, Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Your father is Randyll Tarly He defeated my brother at the Battle of Ashford Only battle Robert ever lost I told him he shouldnt go so far west so soon, but he never listened Fine soldier, your father You dont look like a soldier But Im told you killed a white walker
sam;Season 5;I did, Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;How?
sam;Season 5;With a dagger made of dragonglass
stannis;Season 5;Dragonglass?
sam;Season 5;What the maesters call obsidian
stannis;Season 5;I know what it is We have it in Dragonstone Why would obsidian kill a walker?
sam;Season 5;I dont know Ive been going through all the old manuscripts hoping to find something, and all Ive learned is that the children of the forest used to hunt with dragonglass
stannis;Season 5;The Lady Melisandre told me that death marches on the Wall
sam;Season 5;Ive seen it, Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Seen what?
sam;Season 5;The army of the dead And when they come
stannis;Season 5;We have to know how to fight them Keep reading, Samwell Tarly
stannis;Season 5;Its time
davos;Season 5;Uh, Your Grace Wouldnt it be better to wait? When Jon Snow returns with the wildlings, we could have thousands more men
stannis;Season 5;If Jon Snow returns with the wildlings We cant wait that long We have the advantage, more men, more horses, all fed and rested But every day we wait, the odds shift in Boltons favor This could turn to winter at any moment We have to act now Give the order We march at sunrise
davos;Season 5;Ill choose a dozen men to stay and guard the queen and the princess
stannis;Season 5;No need, theyre coming with us
davos;Season 5;Its a tough road ahead, Your Grace Wont they be safer
stannis;Season 5;Here? Half these watchmen are killers and rapists No, they march with us
davos;Season 5;As you wish, Your Grace
shireen;Season 5;Do you think Father will let me go down into the crypt?
davos;Season 5;Beg your pardon?
shireen;Season 5;At Winterfell All the Kings in the North are buried there Bran the Builder and King Dorren and
davos;Season 5;First things first Its a long march ahead And then we have to take the castle
shireen;Season 5;Is there going to be a battle?
davos;Season 5;Aye, princess, but you wont be anywhere near
selyse;Season 5;Thats enough talk of battle, Ser Davos Youll scare the child
davos;Season 5;Yes, my queen
shireen;Season 5;Im not scared
davos;Season 5;Well, I am When the battle comes, promise youll protect me
shireen;Season 5;I promise
stannis;Season 5;I hope you know what youre doing with these wildlings I need those ships
jon;Season 5;Youll get them back, I swear it Have a safe journey, Your Grace And thank you
missandei;Season 5;Youre still too weak
grey worm;Season 5;How long have I been here?
missandei;Season 5;Three days
grey worm;Season 5;Ser Barristan?
grey worm;Season 5;I failed him I failed my men, I failed my queen
missandei;Season 5;You failed no one You fought bravely You’ll fight again Are you ashamed? You were ambushed, outnumbered There was no way you could have known
grey worm;Season 5;This is not why Wounded in war, there is no shame for this I am ashamed because when the knife go in and I fall to the ground, I am afraid
missandei;Season 5;All men fear death
grey worm;Season 5;No, not death I fear I never again see Missandei from the Island of Naath
missandei;Season 5;Now you have given the Masters what they deserve
daenerys;Season 5;If I give everyone what they deserve, Ill have no one left to rule Ser Barristan counseled mercy when I took this city right up to the morning he died Daario Naharis thinks I should kill the former Masters and let the rest of the city fend for itself What do you think?
missandei;Season 5;Your Grace, I think that I am not fit to have an opinion on these matters
daenerys;Season 5;You are as fit as anyone I know You know why Im here And you know who will suffer the most if this all falls apart So what do you think?
missandei;Season 5;I can only tell you what I have seen, Your Grace I have seen you listen to your counselors I have seen you lean on their experience when your own was lacking and weigh the choices they put before you And I have seen you ignore your counselors, because there was a better choice One that only you could see
hizdahr;Season 5;My, my queen, please do not do this
daenerys;Season 5;What about Valar Morghulis ?
hizdahr;Season 5;I did not want to die a coward Apparently I do not want to die at all
daenerys;Season 5;It takes courage to admit fear And to admit a mistake I came here to tell you that I was wrong I was wrong and you were right About tradition About bringing the people of this city together I will reopen the fighting pits To free men only Slavery will never return to Meereen, not while I live
hizdahr;Season 5;Yes, my queen
daenerys;Season 5;And in order to forge a lasting bond with the Meereenese people, I will marry the leader of an ancient family Thankfully a suitor is already on his knees
tyrion;Season 5;Dont worry Ill be fine Nothing broken, I dont think Where are we now? Not the Rhoyne Long, sullen silences and an occasional punch in the face The Mormont way Lets start over I apologize for before My mouth sometimes runs away from me This doesnt have to be an unpleasant trip Were going to be spending a lot of time together on the way to Meereen
jorah;Season 5;We are
tyrion;Season 5;What would make our time together truly enjoyable would be some wine
jorah;Season 5;No wine
tyrion;Season 5;I am a person who drinks People who drink need to keep drinking Otherwise, theyre not
tyrion;Season 5;I know where we are Youre taking us through Valyria
jorah;Season 5;I am
tyrion;Season 5;Have you sailed this route before?
jorah;Season 5;No
tyrion;Season 5;Youre going to bring Daenerys a souvenir from her ancestral homeland in case Im not enough?
jorah;Season 5;I think youll be plenty
tyrion;Season 5;You know what they say The Doom still rules Valyria What about the demons and the flames? Arent you afraid of the Doom?
jorah;Season 5;No But the pirates are
tyrion;Season 5;Oh
tyrion;Season 5;The Smoking Sea How many centuries before we learn how to build cities like this again? Thousands of years the Valyrians were the best in the world at almost everything And then
jorah;Season 5;And then they werent
tyrion;Season 5;"And then they werent They held each other close and turned their backs upon the end The hills that split asunder and the black that ate the skies; The flames that shot so high and hot that even dragons burned; Would never be the final sights that fell upon their eyes A fly upon a wall, the waves the sea wind whipped and churned -"
jorah;Season 5;"The city of a thousand years, and all that men had learned; The Doom consumed it all alike, and neither of them turned"
tyrion;Season 5;I would clap
tyrion;Season 5;I suppose this is it, then This is what remains
tyrion;Season 5;What was that?
jorah;Season 5;Stone Men! Dont let them touch you
jorah;Season 5;Get behind
tyrion;Season 5;Mormont, cut me free! Mormont
tyrion;Season 5;Mormont! Mormont
jorah;Season 5;Tyrion? Tyrion Tyrion Tyrion Youre all right
jorah;Season 5;Youre heavier than you look Did any of them touch you?
tyrion;Season 5;You? Ive seen greyscale before, but nothing like that
jorah;Season 5;I suppose thats why they send them there
tyrion;Season 5;Itd be kinder to put daggers in their hearts and be done with it Thank you for saving me Of course, I wouldnt have needed saving if you hadnt kidnapped me in the first place So what now?
jorah;Season 5;We walk, up the coast With luck, well find a fishing village Maybe another boat
tyrion;Season 5;Without luck?
jorah;Season 5;Weve got a long walk ahead of us Ill get some wood for a fire Try to get some rest, huh?
arya;Season 5;What are they doing with the bodies?
waif;Season 5;Get back to work
arya;Season 5;No! I’ve been here for weeks I’m not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why I’m doing it
waif;Season 5;You will know why
arya;Season 5;When?
waif;Season 5;When it’s time Not before Get back to work
arya;Season 5;When do I get to play the game?
waif;Season 5;Game?
arya;Season 5;The game The game of faces
waif;Season 5;You tried already You failed
arya;Season 5;I didn’t even know I was playing
waif;Season 5;Who are you?
arya;Season 5;No one
waif;Season 5;Get back to work
arya;Season 5;Well who are you? What are you doing here? How’d you get here?
waif;Season 5;I’m from Westeros Just like you Daughter of a Lord Just like you Except I was an only child Heir to his fortune My mother died My father remarried and his new wife gave birth to a girl My stepmother didn’t want any rivals for her precious daughter so she tried to kill me with poison I found out, sought help from the Faceless Men and my father was widowed again I’ve been serving them ever since
beat waif;Season 5;Was that true or a lie?
arya;Season 5;What?
waif;Season 5;Did you believe every word I said?
waif;Season 5;Get back to work
jaqen;Season 5;Who are you?
jaqen;Season 5;Who are you?
arya;Season 5;Arya
jaqen;Season 5;And where did you come from?
arya;Season 5;Westeros My family home is Winterfell I’m the youngest daughter of a great lord Eddard Stark He died in battle
jaqen;Season 5;A lie
arya;Season 5;After he was executed I fled the capital Had to kill a stable boy Drove my sword through his back
jaqen;Season 5;A lie
arya;Season 5;I stabbed him in the gut I tried to find my mother and brother I never did They were murdered by Walder Frey An outlaw kidnapped me A man called Polliver
jaqen;Season 5;A lie
arya;Season 5;A man called the Hound Sandor Clegane He tried to sell me but was wounded in a fight He begged me to kill him but I wouldn’t I left him in the mountains to die I wanted him to suffer, I hated him
arya;Season 5;I hated him
arya;Season 5;I hated him
arya;Season 5;That’s not a lie
jaqen;Season 5;The girl lies To me To the Many Faced God To herself Does she truly want to be no one?
arya;Season 5;Yes
arya;Season 5;I’m not playing this stupid game anymore
jaqen;Season 5;We never stop playing
tyrion;Season 5;So, those villages we were supposed to find We can’t live on berries and roots
jorah;Season 5;I can
tyrion;Season 5;You’re not hungry?
jorah;Season 5;Of course I’m hungry
tyrion;Season 5;You’re an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I have ever met
jorah;Season 5;I am not your travelling companion
tyrion;Season 5;We are travelling together In each other’s company Therefore
jorah;Season 5;Do you ever shut up?
tyrion;Season 5;I sailed from King’s Landing to Pentos in a crate Without ever saying a word
jorah;Season 5;Why?
tyrion;Season 5;Never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis
jorah;Season 5;I’m sure you’ve visited many brothels in many cities
tyrion;Season 5;I killed my father He wanted to execute me for a crime I didn’t commit And he was fucking the woman I loved
tyrion;Season 5;As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man
jorah;Season 5;What do you know about my father?
tyrion;Season 5;I met him I visited the Wall When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them He actually cared about the people in his command How did they put it in the Watch? We shall never see his like again
tyrion;Season 5;You didn’t know I’m sorry I am
jorah;Season 5;How?
tyrion;Season 5;I only know what I heard
jorah;Season 5;How?
tyrion;Season 5;He was leading an expedition beyond the wall There was a mutiny He was murdered by his own men
jorah;Season 5;We better keep moving
man;Season 5;Valar morghulis
arya;Season 5;Valar dohaeris
man;Season 5;I have nowhere else to go I’ve taken her to every healer in Braavos I’ve spent every penny I had She suffers every day of her life I just want it to end
girl;Season 5;It hurts
arya;Season 5;I know Don’t be afraid I used to be like you I was sick I was dying But my father never gave up on me He loved me More than anything in the world, just like your father loves you So he brought me here My father prayed to the many faced god And I drank the water from this fountain It healed me
arya;Season 5;I’ve devoted my life to him now You don’t want to hurt anymore Drink
jaqen;Season 5;Is the girl ready to give up her ears, her nose, her tongue, her hopes and dreams, her loves and hates, all that makes a girl who she is, forever?
jaqen;Season 5;No The girl is not ready to become no one But she is ready to become someone else
tyrion;Season 5;Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Robert’s Rebellion
jorah;Season 5;Do you believe in anything?
tyrion;Season 5;I believe in many things
jorah;Season 5;In something greater than ourselves, I mean The Gods Destiny Do you believe theres a plan for this world?
tyrion;Season 5;No
jorah;Season 5;Neither did I I was a cynic, just like you Then I saw a girl step into a great fire with three stone eggs When the fire burned out I thought I’d find her blackened bones Instead I found her Daenerys Alive and unhurt Holding her baby dragons Have you ever heard baby dragons singing?
tyrion;Season 5;No
jorah;Season 5;Its hard to be a cynic after that
tyrion;Season 5;Doesn’t mean she’s going to be a great queen
jorah;Season 5;No it doesn’t
tyrion;Season 5;The Targaryens are famously insane What if she conquers the world? Then what? 1,000 years of peace and prosperity?
jorah;Season 5;First we have to conquer the world
tyrion;Season 5;We? Alright, let’s assume your dreams come true She’s ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf She hacks off my head and restores your position You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies, then watch as she climbs those steps and sits on the Iron Throne Hurrah, long live the Queen Then what?
jorah;Season 5;Then she rules
tyrion;Season 5;So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? That’s justice?
jorah;Season 5;She is the rightful heir
tyrion;Season 5;Why, because her father who burned living men for amusement was the king?
jorah;Season 5;Shh! It’s a slave ship
tyrion;Season 5;Why is it anchored?
jorah;Season 5;They probably came ashore for-
malko;Season 5;water
malko;Season 5;Got a lot of fight in you, huh?
slaver;Season 5;Salt mines
malko;Season 5;That or a galley slave He looks strong enough
slaver;Season 5;What about the dwarf?
malko;Season 5;Worthless Cut his throat
tyrion;Season 5;Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, let’s discuss this
malko;Season 5;And then chop off his cock We can sell it for a fortune A dwarf’s cock has magic powers
tyrion;Season 5;Wait, wait, wait, wait! You can’t just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it He has to know it came from a dwarf And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf?
slaver;Season 5;It will be a dwarf-sized cock
tyrion;Season 5;Guess again
malko;Season 5;The dwarf lives until we find a cock merchant
jorah;Season 5;Queen Daenerys has outlawed slavery
malko;Season 5;We’re bound to Volantis, not Slaver’s Bay Besides, she reopened the fighting pits I never heard of free men fighting in the pits
tyrion;Season 5;The fighting puts in Mereen! You’re in luck then, you’re about to be rich You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms
tyrion;Season 5;Him
malko;Season 5;Him? He’s got to be 60 years old
tyrion;Season 5;Sure, he’s a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long We can all see that But he is a veteran of 100 battles They wrote songs about him
malko;Season 5;Is that true?
tyrion;Season 5;He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself
tyrion;Season 5;ingslayer
malko;Season 5;Jousting You’re talking about jousting A fancy game for fancy lads The men who fight at Mereen will swallow him whole
jorah;Season 5;I killed a Dothraki blood rider in single combat
malko;Season 5;Liar
jorah;Season 5;It’s no lie His name was Qotho He was bloodrider to Khal Drogo Take me to Slaver’s Bay, put a sword in my hand, I’ll prove my worth
lancel;Season 5;Lord Baelish
littlefinger;Season 5;Yes? Lancel Lannister
lancel;Season 5;Brother Lancel We abandoned our family names
littlefinger;Season 5;That’s quite a family to abandon
lancel;Season 5;The city has changed since you were here last We flooded the gutters with wine, smashed the false idols, and sent the godless on the run
littlefinger;Season 5;Well done
littlefinger;Season 5;I’m here on urgent business for the Queen Mother Should I send word that I’ll be delayed?
lancel;Season 5;Step carefully, Lord Baelish You’ll find that there’s little tolerance for flesh peddlers in the new King’s Landing
littlefinger;Season 5;We both peddle fantasies, Brother Lancel Mine just happen to be entertaining
littlefinger;Season 5;Do you think it’s wise, your Grace, arresting the heir to Highgarden?
cersei;Season 5;The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden
littlefinger;Season 5;Of course And the Faith were armed on your orders
cersei;Season 5;ing’s orders Is the King to blame for Ser Loras’ perversion?
littlefinger;Season 5;House Tyrell won’t tolerate these insults
cersei;Season 5;House Tyrell won’t tolerate it? I’m the insulted party, Lord Baelish Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys
littlefinger;Season 5;One’s choice of companion is a curious thing
cersei;Season 5;Most curious Lysa Arryn for instance A sorrily repellent woman Forgive me I know you’re still in mourning
littlefinger;Season 5;Lysa was a good woman A kind woman
cersei;Season 5;She was neither of those things, we both know it Still, I pity her son How fortunate that the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him
littlefinger;Season 5;I know how hard it can be to lose both of your parents at such a young age
cersei;Season 5;If war comes to Westeros will the Knights of the Veil fight for their king?
littlefinger;Season 5;Young Lord Robyn heeds my advice And I have always counseled loyalty to the throne
cersei;Season 5;Good If there’s nothing else
littlefinger;Season 5;There is another matter, your Grace Something so urgent I couldn’t trust the words to a raven You once charged me with finding Arya Stark To my shame I failed you But I have found Sansa Stark Alive, and well, and home again In Winterfell
cersei;Season 5;That’s not possible
littlefinger;Season 5;My sources are well placed They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son, Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen
cersei;Season 5;Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father
littlefinger;Season 5;Indeed As reward for stabbing his own king in the heart
cersei;Season 5;We were fools to trust a turncloak
littlefinger;Season 5;Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house
cersei;Season 5;I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on that bloody sigil
littlefinger;Season 5;I would counsel patience, your grace
cersei;Season 5;Patience? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor
littlefinger;Season 5;Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell Let Stannis and Roose battle, let the enemies of the throne slaughter each other and when they’re done seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives
cersei;Season 5;Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from here The weather has already begun to turn
littlefinger;Season 5;That is why it is critical to strike soon, while the victor still licks his wounds Surely your Uncle Kevan could muster a force
cersei;Season 5;My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse
littlefinger;Season 5;Ser Jaime, then
cersei;Season 5;Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission I’ve no idea when he’ll be back
littlefinger;Season 5;Perhaps I can help nights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros, trained to battle in the ice and the snow
cersei;Season 5;Forgive me Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a money lender and brothel keeper, not a military man
littlefinger;Season 5;You wouldn’t risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the Royal Treasury What do you have to lose, a brothel keeper?
cersei;Season 5;And if you succeed?
littlefinger;Season 5;Name me Warden of the North
cersei;Season 5;I’ll speak to the king this evening Have him issue a royal decree
littlefinger;Season 5;I’ll not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell
cersei;Season 5;And I’ll l know you’re a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark’s head on a spike
littlefinger;Season 5;As I said I live to serve
trystane;Season 5;I’m going to ask him tomorrow
myrcella;Season 5;What if he says no?
trystane;Season 5;He won’t You’ve waited long enough I want you to be my wife now What is it?
myrcella;Season 5;Do you want to marry me because our families arranged it, or do you
myrcella;Season 5;We can’t Not yet
trystane;Season 5;Why not?
myrcella;Season 5;You know why not Someone will see
trystane;Season 5;You are going to be my wife I am going to be your husband We are allowed to walk through the gardens together
myrcella;Season 5;How many other girls have you walked through these gardens?
trystane;Season 5;I like the way your eyes go squinty when you’re jealous
myrcella;Season 5;They don’t go squinty, and you didnt answer the question
doran;Season 5;They make a lovely couple A Lannister and a Martell They have no idea how dangerous that is We must protect them
areo;Season 5;Yes, my prince
doran;Season 5;You have not had to use that axe of yours in a very long time I hope you remember how
areo;Season 5;I remember how
bronn;Season 5;The Dornishman’s wife was as fair as the sun and her kisses were warmer than spring The Dornishman’s blade it was made of black steel and its kiss was a terrible thing The Dornishman’s wife would sing as she bathed in a voice that was sweet as a peach.
jaime;Season 5;Alright, thats enough
bronn;Season 5;I’m coming to the best part
jaime;Season 5;We’re trying to blend in We don’t want everyone in Dorne to hear your accent
bronn;Season 5;This song really is all about the ending
jaime;Season 5;It can wait Up there
jaime;Season 5;That’s the Water Gardens
bronn;Season 5;Once we got the princess, then what?
jaime;Season 5;I like to improvise
bronn;Season 5;That explains the golden hand
ellaria;Season 5;Unbowed, unbent, unbroken For Oberyn
sand snakes;Season 5;For Oberyn
bronn;Season 5;Well, she’s made herself at home
jaime;Season 5;Myrcella
myrcella;Season 5;Uncle Jaime? I don’t understand, what are you doing here?
jaime;Season 5;Let’s speak in private
trystane;Season 5;I am Trystane Martell
myrcella;Season 5;Trystane is my intended
jaime;Season 5;Excellent Good to meet you
trystane;Season 5;We weren’t expecting you, Ser Jaime
bronn;Season 5;Why don’t you let them have some time alone, son?
bronn;Season 5;Let’s not do something stupid
myrcella;Season 5;No
bronn;Season 5;That was something stupid
jaime;Season 5;We have to go, Myrcella, now
myrcella;Season 5;You hurt him
jaime;Season 5;You’ll be fine, I promise, but we have to-
bronn;Season 5;Oh for fuck’s sake
obara;Season 5;You’re coming with me
myrcella;Season 5;I don’t want to
obara;Season 5;I wasn’t asking, princess
areo;Season 5;Drop you weapons
obara;Season 5;I am Obara Sand Daughter of Oberyn Martell I fight for Dorne Who do you fight for?
areo;Season 5;Drop your weapons
areo;Season 5;When you were whole, it would have been a good fight
bronn;Season 5;You fight pretty good for a little girl
rider;Season 5;Halt
olenna;Season 5;Oh! You can smell the shit from 5 miles away Well, why are we stopped, go on
olenna;Season 5;Rumors and gossip, that’s all they got It’s theater, nothing more If they arrested all the pillow biters in King’s Landing there’d be no room left in the dungeons for anyone else
margaery;Season 5;Everyone knew about him and Renly
olenna;Season 5;Renly Baratheon shagged half the stable boys in the Seven Kingdoms Everyone knew No one cared
margaery;Season 5;But he was the king’s brother
olenna;Season 5;And Loras is the queen’s brother No, no, no, no, this is unacceptable
margaery;Season 5;Cersei is behind this
olenna;Season 5;Of course she is She wants to drag our names through the dirt Put us in our place Get some rest, dear, you look appalling Let me deal with Cersei Lannister
olenna;Season 5;Your Grace, I have travelled a long way
cersei;Season 5;You must be exhausted
olenna;Season 5;Put the pen down, dear, we all know you aren’t writing anything
cersei;Season 5;Ah, yes, the famously tart-tongued queen of thorns
olenna;Season 5;And the famous tart Queen Cersei
cersei;Season 5;Beg your pardon
olenna;Season 5;I know you’re behind this absurd incarceration of my grandson
cersei;Season 5;If you apologize for that comment perhaps-
olenna;Season 5;You’ll get your apology when I get Loras
cersei;Season 5;I was as shocked as anyone when The Faith arrested Ser Loras I have no love for these fanatics But what can the queen mother do?
olenna;Season 5;Has the crown suddenly stopped needing the troops, gold, and wheat my house supplies?
cersei;Season 5;I assure you our alliance with House Tyrell remains-
olenna;Season 5;Do you expect the alliance to continue after you’ve thrown our future into prison?
cersei;Season 5;As I said, i didn’t imprison anyone As for your veiled threats-
olenna;Season 5;What veil?
cersei;Season 5;The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare?
olenna;Season 5;I didn’t trust your father I didn’t particularly like him But I respected him He was no fool He understood that sometimes we must work with our rivals rather than destroy them
cersei;Season 5;House Lannister has no rival The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which I’m sure they don’t Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue, and we’ll forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened Good day, Lady Olenna
high sparrow;Season 5;You are aware of the rumors concerning you and Renly?
loras;Season 5;I don’t pay attention to rumors
sparrow;Season 5;You were said to be despondent when he died Witnesses said that you refused to leave his bedside, even as Stannis
army closed in loras;Season 5;He was my friend He was my king
sparrow;Season 5;Wasn’t Joffrey your king? He was anointed by the 7, not Renly
loras;Season 5;I was wrong to support Renly’s claim I know that But I was forgiven by Joffrey I fought for him at the Battle of the Blackwater
sparrow;Season 5;Wearing Renly’s armor
loras;Season 5;Why does it matter what I wore?
sparrow;Season 5;Do you deny all of the charges against you? Fornication, buggery, blasphemy
loras;Season 5;Of course I deny them
sparrow;Season 5;You never lay with Renly Baratheon
loras;Season 5;Never
sparrow;Season 5;Nor any other man
loras;Season 5;Never
sparrow;Season 5;That will be all Ser Loras
olenna;Season 5;Well I think that’s quite enough of that
sparrow;Season 5;Faith calls Queen Margaery forward
margaery;Season 5;You call me forward?
sparrow;Season 5;Yes We have some questions for you
margaery;Season 5;I am the queen
sparrow;Season 5;You are And according to Law of the Seven, neither kings nor queens are exempt from testimony at a holy inquest
sparrow;Season 5;How do you respond to these charges against your brother?
margaery;Season 5;They are lies
sparrow;Season 5;All of them?
margaery;Season 5;All of them
sparrow;Season 5;Queen Margaery, in the presence of the gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him, to the best of your knowledge?
margaery;Season 5;Yes, I swear it
sparrow;Season 5;Thank you, your grace
sparrow;Season 5;Do you know this man?
olyvar;Season 5;Yes, very well He is Ser Loras Tyrell, heir to Highgarden
sparrow;Season 5;How did you come to meet?
olyvar;Season 5;I squired for him He took a liking to me He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met
sparrow;Season 5;And what occurred in his chamber?
olyvar;Season 5;We engaged in intimate relations
sparrow;Season 5;You laid with him?
olyvar;Season 5;That night and many others
loras;Season 5;Liar! He’s a liar
sparrow;Season 5;Is there anyone else who can support your claim?
olyvar;Season 5;Yes, yes, Queen Margaery She walked in on us once not long ago She didn’t seem surprised
cersei;Season 5;This testimony is an insult to a great house Why should The Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden?
olyvar;Season 5;He has a birthmark, your grace Quite high on his thigh, wine-colored, and roughly the shape of Dorne
loras;Season 5;Liar
olenna;Season 5;What are you doing? Let us pass
sparrow;Season 5;The Faith is satisfied that there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras and Queen Margaery
margaery;Season 5;What?
sparrow;Season 5;Bearing false witness before the gods is as grave a sin as any Take her
margaery;Season 5;Tommen! Tommen
margaery;Season 5;You can’t do this, I am the queen! Tommen, Tommen! I am your queen, how dare you
sansa;Season 5;What do you want?
myranda;Season 5;Lord Ramsay sent me to draw your bath, my lady You want to be clean and fresh for your new husband don’t you?
myranda;Season 5;You’re so beautiful But if you need to keep him happy Ramsay gets bored easily You dont want to end up like Well, like the others
sansa;Season 5;What others?
myranda;Season 5;I shouldn’t gossip It’s good to see the red again No point in hiding anymore
sansa;Season 5;What others?
myranda;Season 5;Let’s see There was Kiera The blacksmith’s daughter She was tall Like you Lovely figure But she talked and talked and talked and Ramsay got tired of that Then there was Violet She had gorgeous blond hair But she got pregnant and, well, that was boring Then Tamsay Such a sweet girl Of course sweet girls get a bit dull after a while, don’t they? Ramsay let me come with him on that hunt
sansa;Season 5;Hunt?
myranda;Season 5;Mm Have you ever seen a body after the dogs have been at it? Not so pretty But it’s your wedding day, why am I talking about such things?
sansa;Season 5;What was your name again?
myranda;Season 5;Myranda
sansa;Season 5;And how long have you loved him, Myranda Did you imagine that he would be with you forever, is that it? Then I came along and ruined it I am Sansa Stark of Winterfell This is my home and you can’t frighten me
myranda;Season 5;Are you done with your bath, my lady?
sansa;Season 5;Go I can finish on my own
sansa;Season 5;Yes?
theon;Season 5;I’ve come to escort you to the Godswood, my lady If you please, my lady, will you take my arm?
sansa;Season 5;No
theon;Season 5;Lord Ramsay, he said Im to take your arm
sansa;Season 5;I’m not touching you
theon;Season 5;Please He’ll punish me
sansa;Season 5;Do you think I care what he does to you
roose;Season 5;Who comes before the Old Gods this night?
theon;Season 5;Sansa of the House Stark comes here to be wed A woman grown, trueborn and noble She comes to beg the blessings of the gods Who comes to claim her?
ramsay;Season 5;Ramsay of House Bolton Heir to the Dreadfort and Winterfell Who gives her?
theon;Season 5;Theon of House Greyjoy Who was who was her father’s ward
roose;Season 5;Lady Sansa, will you take this man?
sansa;Season 5;I take this man
ramsay;Season 5;Are you pleased my lady?
ramsay;Season 5;Good I want you to be happy My father said you’re still a virgin
sansa;Season 5;Yes
ramsay;Season 5;Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves?
sansa;Season 5;Lord Tyrion was kind, he was gentle, he never touched me
ramsay;Season 5;You’re not lying to me?
sansa;Season 5;No, my lord
ramsay;Season 5;Lying to your husband on his wedding night, that would be a very bad way to start a marriage We are man and wife now, we should be honest with each other, don’t you think?
sansa;Season 5;Yes sir
ramsay;Season 5;Good Now take off your clothes
ramsay;Season 5;Oh, no no no You stay here Reek You watch Do I need to ask a second time? I hate asking a second time
ramsay;Season 5;Reek? I told you to watch
jon;Season 5;First Ranger, you have command of Castle Black
alliser;Season 5;Lord Commander, it is my duty to tell you I believe this mission to be reckless, foolhardy, and an insult to all of the Brothers that have died fighting the wildlings
jon;Season 5;As always, thank you for your honesty
sam;Season 5;Safe travels, Lord Commander
jon;Season 5;Thank you, Sam
sam;Season 5;Oh, and
sam;Season 5;It’s Dragonglass It’s what I used to kill the White Walker I hope you don’t need them
jon;Season 5;Me too
aemon;Season 5;There he is That laugh Egg! Egg laughed like that One of the first things I remember about him
sam;Season 5;His little brother, Aegon He became king
aemon;Season 5;And before that, he was a jolly fellow Like this one
aemon;Season 5;Get him south, Gillyflower Before it’s too late
sansa;Season 5;Theon, wait
theon;Season 5;Not Theon, my lady Reek
sansa;Season 5;Help me
theon;Season 5;You’re his wife now
theon theon;Season 5;Do what he says Do what he says or he’ll hurt you
sansa;Season 5;He already hurts me every night All day I’m locked in this room and every night he comes It can’t be worse
theon;Season 5;It can It can always be worse
sansa;Season 5;What did he do to you?
theon;Season 5;Please
sansa;Season 5;You betrayed my family
theon;Season 5;I’m sorry I’m sorry
sansa;Season 5;You have to help me
theon;Season 5;He’ll see us You don’t know him
sansa;Season 5;My family still has friends in the North All I have to do is give a signal and they’ll rescue me Climb to the top of the Broken Tower, light this candle, and put it in the window Promise me, Theon
theon;Season 5;Reek, my lady, Reek
sansa;Season 5;Your name is Theon Greyjoy Last surviving son of Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands, do you hear me? Theon Promise me
ramsay;Season 5;Yes, Reek?
aemon;Season 5;Egg! Egg! Mothers looking for you! Egg
gilly;Season 5;Get some sleep, Sam You’ll have to speak for him tomorrow
sam;Season 5;You don’t know that
gilly;Season 5;Get some sleep I’ll watch over him
sam;Season 5;I’ll stay too He’s always been good to me I can’t leave him now
aemon;Season 5;Egg! Egg I dreamed that I was old
sam;Season 5;His name was Aemon Targaryen He came to us from King’s Landing, a Maester of the Citadel, chained and sworn And a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch, ever faithful No man was wiser or gentler or kinder At the Wall a dozen Lord Commanders came and went during his years of service, but he was always there to counsel them He was the blood of the dragon, but now his fire has gone out And now his watch has ended
brothers;Season 5;And now his watch has ended
alliser;Season 5;You’re losing all your friends, Tarly
ramsay;Season 5;My beautiful wife
ramsay;Season 5;When my father told me we were marrying I half expected a fat, bearded beast Do you know how pleased I was when I saw you? You’ve made me very happy
ramsay;Season 5;Our scouts report that Stannis Baratheon rides for Winterfell He’s a respected commander His troops are loyal and battle tested He’s hired thousands of foreign sell swords to bolster his army But this storm was a stroke of luck for us northerners Our people are used to fighting in frost His army’s out there now, suffering in the snow One day I’ll be Lord of Winterfell, and Warden of the North You’ll be my Lady and Wardeness
sansa;Season 5;But isn’t your step mother pregnant?
ramsay;Season 5;What of it?
sansa;Season 5;What happens if she has a boy?
ramsay;Season 5;Then I’ll have a baby brother
sansa;Season 5;But he’ll be the heir
ramsay;Season 5;I’m Lord Bolton’s eldest son
sansa;Season 5;But you’re a bastard, a true born will always have the stronger claim
ramsay;Season 5;I’ve been naturalized by a royal decree of-
sansa;Season 5;Tommen Baratheon Another bastard
ramsay;Season 5;Bastards can rise high in the world Like your half-brother Jon Snow Born The Bastard of Winterfell, now the Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch
ramsay;Season 5;You didn’t know? Yes, he’s done very well for himself Ah I near forgot why I asked you to join me Come, my lady
ramsay;Season 5;Your Northern friend Reek told me you wanted to leave
ramsay;Season 5;Why? Winterfell is your home and I am your husband
ramsay;Season 5;Tough old bird Everyone talks when I start beating them But this one Her heart gave out before I got to her face We do breed them tough in the North Bring my wife back to her chamber It’s far too cold out here for a lady You should hold on to your candles The nights are so long now
davo davos;Season 5;40 horses died in the night We’ll lose more come sunset We’re running out of food We can’t open the supply line until the snow clears
stannis;Season 5;What else?
davos;Season 5;The Stormcrows rode off last night
stannis;Season 5;500 men
stannis;Season 5;Sell swords, loyal to nothing but gold
davos;Season 5;We still have a hard march to Wintefell and we won’t be marching anywhere in this weather
stannis;Season 5;And?
davos;Season 5;This isn’t our time, we should head back to Castle Black when the snow clears
stannis;Season 5;I retreated from King’s Landing, Ser Davos If I retreat again, I become ing Who Ran
davos;Season 5;Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Winter is coming Those arent just the Stark words, it’s a fact If we march back to Castle Black, we winter at Castle Black And who can say how many years this winter will last
davos;Season 5;It’s better to wait for the right time than to risk everything
stannis;Season 5;This is the right time, and I will risk everything Because if I dont, we’ve lost We march to victory or we march to defeat, but we go forward only forward
davos;Season 5;Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;I’ve trusted in your visions, in your prophecies for years
melisandre;Season 5;You saw it yourself, my king, when you stared into the flames A great battle in the snow
stannis;Season 5;I don’t know what I saw
melisandre;Season 5;You do know Trust yourself
stannis;Season 5;And you, do you trust yourself?
melisandre;Season 5;I trust in the Lord
stannis;Season 5;Are you sure?
melisandre;Season 5;I have seen myself walk along the battlements of Wintefell I have seen the flayed men banners lowered to the ground
melisandre;Season 5;But sometimes sacrifices must be made to ensure victory I have shown you the power of kings blood The Usurper Robb Stark The Usurper Joffrey Baratheon
stannis;Season 5;We don’t have Robert’s bastard here
melisandre;Season 5;No, we have someone better, and your blood runs through her veins
stannis;Season 5;Have you lost your mind?
melisandre;Season 5;Do you doubt me still? After all that you’ve seen?
stannis;Season 5;There must be another way Leeches or something
melisandre;Season 5;There is only one way You must become king before the Long Night begins Only you can lead the living against the dead All your life has led us to this moment To this decision
stannis;Season 5;She’s my daughter
stannis;Season 5;Get out
derryk;Season 5;The beauty from beyond The Wall
brand;Season 5;Where are you going, huh? Aren’t we better looking than the fat man?
derryk;Season 5;The question is, is she pretty down south in the real world, or is she pretty because she’s the only girl here?
brand;Season 5;Even in White Harbor, I’d want a kiss
derryk;Season 5;Come on love, give us a kiss
gilly;Season 5;Leave me alone
derryk;Season 5;If you were my girl I wouldn’t leave you alone
brand;Season 5;One little kiss
derryk;Season 5;Come on, give him a kiss
brand;Season 5;A man gets lonely guarding the Wall
brand;Season 5;There’s no need to be rude
derryk;Season 5;We just want a little affection
sam;Season 5;Get your hands off her Brother Derryk Brother Brand I believe you both have guard duty tonight
brand;Season 5;Sam the Slayer Are you gonna slay me with that sword?
derryk;Season 5;Look at his hands shaking
sam;Season 5;Gilly go on, Get back to your room and lock the door
sam;Season 5;I’m warning you
derryk;Season 5;Come on! Come on
derryk;Season 5;You lying sack of shit! Killed a White Walker, eh? You fatass fuck Come on, get up He’s your hero He’s a hog
gilly;Season 5;Leave him alone
derryk;Season 5;Stubborn little wilding bitch aren’t ya?
gilly;Season 5;Sam! Sam! Sam
brand;Season 5;Alright Hold still
sam;Season 5;I said get your hands off her
brand;Season 5;You’re gonna get yourself killed
derryk;Season 5;Roll over Jon Snow’s not here to save you
sam;Season 5;I killed a White Walker I killed a Thenn I’ll take my chances with you
gilly;Season 5;Sam
sam;Season 5;I’m alright
gilly;Season 5;You’re not
sammy;Season 5;Just a bit woozy
gilly;Season 5;The next time you see something like that you leave it alone
sam;Season 5;I will not They would’ve I don’t know what they would have done
gilly;Season 5;I know they would have killed you if Ghost hadn’t come
sam;Season 5;No They were tiring out I had them in the palm of my hand
gilly;Season 5;Don’t be stupid Sam, you’re not a fighter
sam;Season 5;What kind of man would I be if I ran away when I saw someone hurting you?
gilly;Season 5;Just promise me that whatever happens you’ll take care of little Sam
sam;Season 5;Of course I will And I’ll take care of you, too
gilly;Season 5;I need more water
sam;Season 5;Stay Please
gilly;Season 5;Am I hurting you?
gilly;Season 5;Are you sure?
sam;Season 5;Oh Oh my
malko;Season 5;A rare find for the fighting pits, my friends Not your usual street tough old drunken pirate This one’s a Westerosi knight from an ancient house, trained in sword and lance he fought beside the Stag King Robert on the far side of the Narrow Sea He was first from the breach during the siege of Pyke, slaughtering 50 men with his flaming sword He killed the great Khal Drogo in single combat Betrayed by his woman, he sold himself into slavery to repay his debts Bidding begins at 12 gold honors
malko;Season 5;13 Do I have 14?
malko;Season 5;15? 15 golds honors Do I have 16?
slave buyer;Season 5;20
malko;Season 5;Sold
tyrion;Season 5;Wait! You have to buy me as well
buyer;Season 5;Why?
tyrion;Season 5;We’re a team I’m a great fighter, too
malko;Season 5;He’s funny You have to give him that
buyer;Season 5;Alright He’s funny
tyrion;Season 5;Thank you my Lord Thank you
buyer;Season 5;Yes
tyrion;Season 5;My Lord, if I may I’ve heard Mereen’s become a free city You might run into trouble if you try to fight slaves in the fighting pits Now if you were to fight free men who were paid a wage
buer;Season 5;Here’s your wages, funny man It’ll last the rest of your life
daario;Season 5;How long before the king of Mereen comes to claim my pillow?
daenerys;Season 5;Don’t be ridiculous My marriage to Hizdahr is political I think he’s smart enough to understand that
daario;Season 5;I think the Sons of the Harpy have stopped killing because their leader was made king
daenerys;Season 5;Are you jealous?
daario;Season 5;Do you think I’m petty enough to speak ill of a man just because he represents competition?
daenerys;Season 5;I do
daario;Season 5;You’re right My motivations are entirely impure
daario;Season 5;Doesn’t make me wrong
daenerys;Season 5;You told me yourself, I can’t fight enemies within and without So when enemies from without come knocking, I need the city of Mereen behind me I have no choice
daario;Season 5;Everyone has a choice Even slaves have a choice Death or slavery
daenerys;Season 5;So what else can I do?
daario;Season 5;Marry me instead
daenerys;Season 5;Even if I wanted to do such an inadviseable thing, I couldn’t
daario;Season 5;Why not? You’re our queen, you can do as you like
daenerys;Season 5;No I can
t daario;Season 5;Then you are the only person in Mereen who’s not free
daario;Season 5;I know I’m here to serve my queen and not to give advice, but can I make one more suggestion?
daenerys;Season 5;Of course
daario;Season 5;On the day of the Great Games, gather all the great masters, and wise masters, and worthy masters you can find, and slaughter them all
daenerys;Season 5;I am a queen Not a butcher
daario;Season 5;All rulers are either butchers or meat
olenna;Season 5;You there! Where would I find the High Septon, or High Sparrow, or whatever bloody fool name he’s got
high sparrow;Season 5;It’s not as good a name as Queen of Thorns, I’ll admit
olenna;Season 5;You should have the decency to stand when you talk to a lady
sparrow;Season 5;You should have the decency to kneel before the gods
olenna;Season 5;Don’t spar with me little fellow
sparrow;Season 5;For me, it’s the knees You?
olenna;Season 5;Hips
sparrow;Season 5;Huh
olenna;Season 5;A man of the people, is that your game? It’s an old game dull and unconvincing A man of the people who does Cersei’s dirty work for her
sparrow;Season 5;The people always do the dirty work
olenna;Season 5;Spare me the homilies, I can smell a fraud from a mile away
sparrow;Season 5;A useful talent
olenna;Season 5;I’m here for my grandson and granddaughter
sparrow;Season 5;Your grandson and granddaughter swore sacred vows and lied The Father judges us all Sons of high lords, sons of fishermen If you break his laws you will be punished
olenna;Season 5;Don’t you walk away from me
sparrow;Season 5;You don’t give commands here, Lady Olenna
olenna;Season 5;What is it you want? Gold? I’ll make you the richest septon who ever lived
olenna;Season 5;What then?
sparrow;Season 5;I imagine this is strange for you Everyone you meet has a hidden motive, and you pride yourself on slitting in and out But I’m telling you a simple truth I serve the gods The gods demand justice
olenna;Season 5;How do they communicate their demands? By raven or horse?
sparrow;Season 5;By the holy text The seven pointed star If you don’t have one in your library I’ll give you my own
olenna;Season 5;I’ve read the seven pointed star
sparrow;Season 5;Then you’ll remember the passages concerning buggery and perjury Your grandchildren will be punished in the same manner as anyone who breaks the sacred laws
olenna;Season 5;Half the men, women, and children in this foul city break the sacred laws You live among murderers, thieves, and rapists And yet you punish Loras for shagging and Margaery for defending her brother?
sparrow;Season 5;Yes The Gods’ laws must be applied to all equally
olenna;Season 5;If it’s equality you want then so be it When House Tyrell stops sending our crops to the capital, everyone here will starve And I’ll make sure the hungry know who to blame
sparrow;Season 5;Have you ever served the field, Lady Olenna? Have you ever reaped the grain? Has anyone in House Tyrell? A lifetime of wealth and power has left you blind in one eye You are the few We are the many And when the many stop fearing the few
squire;Season 5;Lady Olenna
cersei;Season 5;Starving yourself wont make things any better for her, my love
tommen;Season 5;She’s in a prison cell and there’s nothing I can do I am the king! The queen is in prison and there’s nothing I can do
cersei;Season 5;No matter who you are, no matter how strong you are, sooner or later, youll face circumstances beyond your control Events you couldnt possibly have anticipated or prevented even if you had You cannot blame yourself for fate Your father, your brother, your grandfather I was Queen of the Seven Kingdoms and what could I do? Hold them as they left this world Kissed their heads after theyd gone
tommen;Season 5;I’ll call in the army I’ll take back the sept and kill every last one of them I’ll start a war if I have to
cersei;Season 5;You know as well as I do who the first casualty in that war would be
tommen;Season 5;I love her I love her I can’t help her
cersei;Season 5;We must be strong for those we love We cannot give in to despair
tommen;Season 5;I will speak to the high sparrow There must be something-
cersei;Season 5;Let me speak to him on your behalf The king cannot dirty sully himself negotiating with an unwashed fanatic
cersei;Season 5;Your happiness is all I want in this world
tommen;Season 5;I know
cersei;Season 5;No you don’t You can’t possibly Not until you have children of your own I would do anything for you Anything to keep you from harm I would burn cities to the ground That is all that matters You and your sister From the moment you came into this world, my boy My only boy
areo;Season 5;Prince Doran hopes this satisfies your concerns about the princess’s wellbeing
myrcella;Season 5;You looked different when I left You had more hair
jaime;Season 5;And more hands How’s Trystane?
myrcella;Season 5;He’ll be alright
jaime;Season 5;I’m sorry for that It wasn’t supposed to happen that way
myrcella;Season 5;Why is it happening at all?
jaime;Season 5;Your mother’s worried about you Threats have been made Dorne is too dangerous for you I’ve come to take you home
myrcella;Season 5;This is my home, this has been my home for years I didn’t want to come here but she told me to I did what she said, I did my duty and now she’s forcing me to go back?
jaime;Season 5;Its for your own good These are complicated matters
myrcella;Season 5;It’s not complicated at all, it’s simple I love Trystane, I’m going to marry him, and we’re staying right here
jaime;Season 5;I don’t understand
myrcella;Season 5;Of course you don’t! You don’t know me
bronn;Season 5;Brothers oh brothers, my days here are done, the Dornishman’s taken my life Bur what does it matter, for all men must die, and I’ve tasted the Dornishman’s wife! Yes I’ve tasted the Dornishman’s wife
tyene;Season 5;He’s got a good voice
obara;Season 5;We’re lucky he’s a singer If he were a fighter we might have been in trouble
bronn;Season 5;It’s against my code to hurt a woman
obara;Season 5;It’s amazing how many men we beat seem to have this code
bronn;Season 5;I wouldn’t say you beat me
tyene;Season 5;How’s your arm?
bronn;Season 5;Wonderful Wouldn’t feel right to leave Dorne without a new scar
tyene;Season 5;You think you’re leaving Dorne?
bronn;Season 5;No great hurry Dornish women are the most beautiful women in the world
tyene;Season 5;Thank you
bronn;Season 5;I said Dornish women I didn’t say you
tyene;Season 5;I’m not the most beautiful woman you’ve ever seen?
bronn;Season 5;I’ve seen quite a few women in all the Seven Kingdoms
tyene;Season 5;Name one more beautiful than I am
bronn;Season 5;Well now, in King’s Landing there was an absolutely gorgeous.
tyene;Season 5;There was a what? In King’s Landing you were saying
bronn;Season 5;Was I?
tyene;Season 5;There was a woman more beautiful than I am
bronn;Season 5;Was there? My memory’s not what it was earlier
tyene;Season 5;How’s your arm now?
bronn;Season 5;You seem concerned with it You must really like me
tyene;Season 5;And how about your head?
bronn;Season 5;My head You don’t even wanna know what’s going on in
tyene;Season 5;Your nose is bleeding
bronn;Season 5;It’s nothing It’s the dry air
tyene;Season 5;My dagger was coated with a special ointment from Asshei They call it the Long Farewell It takes time to work, but if a single drop makes contact with the skin, death
tyene;Season 5;The only antidote Who’s the most beautiful woman in the world?
tyene;Season 5;Sorry? Who?
bronn;Season 5;You
tyene;Season 5;Don’t drop it
tyene;Season 5;I think you’re very handsome as well
littlefinger;Season 5;I’m sorry about the locale
olenna;Season 5;No you’re not
littlefinger;Season 5;It felt like the safest place
olenna;Season 5;Not for your clientele, clearly
littlefinger;Season 5;It was an establishment like no other The sheer range of appetites catered to, desires that didn’t exist until we invented them
olenna;Season 5;You’ve always been rather impressed with yourself, haven’t you?
littlefinger;Season 5;The past is the past The future is all that’s worth discussing The future of House Tyrell
olenna;Season 5;Don’t pretend to have any concern for my house, my grandchildren, or me I should have known you’d return to the capital once things started going wrong
littlefinger;Season 5;I promise you
olenna;Season 5;I promise you, Lord Baelish, that our fates are joined Together we murdered a king And if my house should fall, I would have nothing to hide And if i should meet with some accident here at this broken little flesh market, they’ll never even find what’s left of you So do you deny a part in all of this?
littlefinger;Season 5;Cersei summoned me to King’s Landing I dared not refuse her
olenna;Season 5;And what did she want?
littlefinger;Season 5;A piece of info that she know that I had Neither silence nor lies were an option But I have other information of which she is unaware And as you say, our interests are aligned I have a gift for you
olenna;Season 5;What kind of gift?
littlefinger;Season 5;The same kind I gave Cersei A handsome young man
slave owner;Season 5;Many worthy fighters have died trying to make it to the Great Games When most of you worthless scum join them in death this afternoon it will represent a significant rise in your station But if you happen to triumph here you will fight at the great pit of Daznak itself in front of the queen So whatever happens, the gods have smiled upon you today Today is the day your lives actually start to mean something
owner;Season 5;You and you, you, you two, you, you, and you
owner;Season 5;Valar morghulis
men;Season 5;Valar dohaeris
owner;Season 5;Prepare yourselves
daenerys;Season 5;Sitting through the great games will be bad enough
hizdahr;Season 5;For generations, in the days leading up to the great games, it has been customary for our ruler to make the rounds to the lower pits to pay the fighters there the honor of her presence
owner;Season 5;Move yourselves
owner;Season 5;Your Grace Your Future Grace You honor us all
owner;Season 5;We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen
men;Season 5;We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen
daenerys;Season 5;I think I’ve seen enough
hizdahr;Season 5;Your Grace, it’s a tradition for the queen to stay until the victor has emerged
daenerys;Season 5;I’ve sacrificed more than enough for your traditions
tyrion;Season 5;What are you doing?
daenerys;Season 5;Get him out of my sight
jorah;Season 5;Khaleesi, please, I just need a moment of your time I brought you a gift
tyrion;Season 5;It’s true He has
daenerys;Season 5;Who are you?
tyrion;Season 5;I am the gift It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace My name is Tyrion Lannister
cersei;Season 5;This is horrible Unacceptable Are they feeding you enough at least? I brought you this Venison It’s quite good I had it myself for supper only last night We did everything we could from the moment they took your brother Tommen even went to the sept himself to confront the high sparrow, but I fear The Faith has left reason behind
margaery;Season 5;I know you did this
cersei;Season 5;We are making every effort on your behalf I swear to you by all the seven gods
margaery;Season 5;Lies come easily to you Everyone knows that But innocence, decency, concern? You’re not very good at those, I’m afraid Perhaps that’s why your son was so eager to cast you aside for me
cersei;Season 5;You’re upset You’re not thinking clearly I’ll visit again when you’ve had a chance to calm down
margaery;Season 5;I don’t want to see you again
cersei;Season 5;I do hope you change your mind about that I’ve been told men often go mad in the Black Cells below the Red Keep, but I suppose your isolation will end once your trial begins
margaery;Season 5;Leave
cersei;Season 5;Yes, I’m afraid I must My son needs me now more than ever
medicine margaery;Season 5;Get out you hateful bitch
cersei;Season 5;Sleep well, sister
high sparrow;Season 5;Thank you You saw her?
cersei;Season 5;Yes
sparrow;Season 5;And?
cersei;Season 5;Her accommodations seem sufficient What happens to her now?
sparrow;Season 5;Well she and her brother are both being held under fair suspicion A trial will be held for each of them to determine if they are guilty of any acts that might constitute a violation of the tenants of the faith
cersei;Season 5;Who will stand judge?
sparrow;Season 5;Seven septons As it was in all trials before the Targaryens
cersei;Season 5;Will you be one of them?
sparrow;Season 5;I will
cersei;Season 5;If one or both of them were to confess before the trial
sparrow;Season 5;Then they will be at The Mother’s mercy
cersei;Season 5;What does The Mother’s mercy entail?
sparrow;Season 5;It depends on the situation The acts themselves, the degree of contrition
cersei;Season 5;Thank you High Septon for bringing them whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the Seven
sparrow;Season 5;Did you know this chapel is one of the oldest structures in King’s Landing?
cersei;Season 5;I think I may have heard at one point
sparrow;Season 5;Baelor built his sept around it But men worshipped here long before him
sparrow;Season 5;Who carved this altar do you know?
cersei;Season 5;I’m afraid i don’t
sparrow;Season 5;No one does There’s no name on it Or anywhere else in the chapel The people who built this place didn’t inflict their vanity on the people who came after them The way Baelor did with that great gilded monstrosity out there Their faith was clean Strip away the gold and the ornaments, knock down the statues and the pillars, and this is what remains Something simple, solid, and true The Tyrell’s finery will be stripped away Their lives knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see And so it will be for all of us, high and low alike What will we find when we strip away your finery?
sparrow;Season 5;A young man came to us not long ago, broken in body and spirit He had so much to strip away, so much weighing him down But piece by piece he unburdened himself Let go of vanity, pride, sin, now his soul is so light he will float through the Seven Heaves like a bird
sparrow;Season 5;And he has much to say about you
cersei;Season 5;Move Let me go immediately
cersei;Season 5;You will order her to let me go! I am the queen! I am the queen! Have you lost your mind? Let me go! You filthy I am the queen! Let me go
jorah;Season 5;Your Grace, I want to say-
daenerys;Season 5;You will not speak How do I know you are who you say you are?
tyrion;Season 5;If only I were otherwise
daenerys;Season 5;If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldn’t I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine
tyrion;Season 5;You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother Joanna Lannister the day I was born I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bow to the heart I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time
daenerys;Season 5;So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?
tyrion;Season 5;Into your service? Your Grace we have only just met It’s too soon to know if you deserve my service
daenerys;Season 5;If you’d rather return to the fighting pits just say the word
tyrion;Season 5;When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world I thought you were worth meeting at the very least
daenerys;Season 5;And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?
tyrion;Season 5;Because you can not build a better world on your own You have no one at your side who understands that land you want to rule The strengths and the weaknesses of the houses that will either support or oppose you
daenerys;Season 5;I have a very large army and very large dragons
tyrion;Season 5;Killing and politics aren’t always the same thing When I served as Hand of the King I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name
daenerys;Season 5;So you want to advise me Very well What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned
tyrion;Season 5;I know
daenerys;Season 5;Why should the people trust a queen who can’t keep her promises?
tyrion;Season 5;Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man I can’t remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him And yet he did betray you
tyrion;Season 5;Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayals?
daenerys;Season 5;Yes, many opportunities
tyrion;Season 5;And did he?
daenerys;Season 5;No Not until forced to do so
tyrion;Season 5;He worships you He is in love with you, I think But he did not trust you with the truth an unpleasant truth, to be sure but one of great significance to you He did not trust that you would be wise enough to forgive him
daenerys;Season 5;So I should kill him?
tyrion;Season 5;A ruler who kills those that are devoted to her is not a ruler that inspires devotion And you’re going to need to inspire devotion, and lots of it, if you’re ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea But you cannot have him by your side when you do
daenerys;Season 5;Remove Ser Jorah from the city
septa;Season 5;Confess
cersei;Season 5;My son Let me speak to-
septa;Season 5;Confess I meant it
cersei;Season 5;My face will be the last thing you see before-
arya;Season 5;My name is Lana I’m an orphan When I was 8 I begged enough money to buy my first bucket of oysters, and I sold that bucket and made enough money to buy 2 more
arya;Season 5;Iit took a while but I finally saved enough to buy myself an oyster cart Now every morning I make my way down to the canals I pass the fish mongers and the bakers I usually see Lhara, my first customer of the day on my way home Then I turn left onto Moonsinger Lane-
arya;Season 5;Left onto Ragman Lane, where I do most of my trade
jaqen;Season 5;Lana is very impressive Very industrious She will make a fine servant for the Many Faced God
arya;Season 5;How will she serve him?
jaqen;Season 5;She will no longer turn left onto Ragman Lane She will turn right and go to Ragman Harbor
arya;Season 5;What will she do there?
jaqen;Season 5;She will see
arya;Season 5;See what?
jaqen;Season 5;How can a man tell a girl this If he knew what she would see, there would be no reason to send her
arya;Season 5;Oysters, clams and cockles
arya;Season 5;Oysters clams and cockles! Oysters clams and cockles
thin man;Season 5;Your oysters fresh?
arya;Season 5;Best in the city
thin man;Season 5;You wouldn’t lie to an old man would you?
thin man;Season 5;Very nice Give me 4 With vinegar
man;Season 5;It’s my 18th voyage I’ve returned from all of them without a scratch on me
thin man;Season 5;Can’t do it
man;Season 5;Please I have 3 children Without me here take it you have to, I have 3 children, what will they do? Please you have to! Please! You don’t understand?
jaqen;Season 5;The man is a gambler He wages that his sailors ship will make it to its destination It is a strange wager for the captain He only wins if he loses his life
arya;Season 5;So why would a captain make the wager in the first place?
jaqen;Season 5;A girl tells a man that she has seen
arya;Season 5;If the captain dies, the thin man pays his family a lot of money
jaqen;Season 5;But perhaps the gambler loses his bet and decides that he doesn’t have to pay after all A destitute woman and her small child, what can they do to such a man if he keeps their money for himself? To whom can they turn for recourse?
arya;Season 5;The Many Faced God You said you didn’t know what I would see at the docks
jaqen;Season 5;A man had no idea what she would see and what she would not A girl named Lana will return to the docks She will watch the gambler She will come to know as much about him as she knows about herself
arya;Season 5;And then what?
jaqen;Season 5;A gift for the Thin Man
waif;Season 5;She is not ready
jaqen;Season 5;Perhaps she is, perhaps she’s not
waif;Season 5;And if she’s not?
jaqen;Season 5;It is all the same to the Many Faced God
qyburn;Season 5;The trial will take place The High Sparrow will be presenting a substantial case against you
cersei;Season 5;The charges?
qyburn;Season 5;Fornication, treason, incest, the murder of King Robert
cersei;Season 5;All lies
qyburn;Season 5;Of course, Your Grace My concern is that The Faith does not adhere to the same standards of proof as the crown And I hope you’ll excuse me for saying it, but belief is so often the death of reason
cersei;Season 5;I wish you’d said it sooner Any word from Jaime?
qyburn;Season 5;I’m afraid not Your Grace, Grand Maester Pycelle has summoned your Uncle Kevan back from Casterly Rock to serve as Hand of the King He now presides over the small council
cersei;Season 5;Tell him I need to speak to him
qyburn;Season 5;I implored him to visit you but he would not
cersei;Season 5;What about my son, the king? If you can visit me then surely the king-
qyburn;Season 5;Your arrest, and Queen Margaery’s arrest, the king has not taken well He remains in his chambers, his servants often find his food in the hall Left untouched
cersei;Season 5;You need to talk to him, you need to talk to my son to come and see me, come and see his mother
qyburn;Season 5;I tried my grace, he wouldn’t see me He wouldn’t see anyone
cersei;Season 5;I can’t stay here
qyburn;Season 5;There is a way, Your Grace A way out
cersei;Season 5;Confess? To the High Sparrow? I won’t I made him I rose him up from nothing, I will not kneel before some barefooted commoner and beg his forgiveness
qyburn;Season 5;Goodbye my queen The work continues
sansa;Season 5;Why Why Theon
theon;Season 5;Not Theon There is no Theon Reek
sansa;Season 5;Reek Why did you tell him, Reek?
theon;Season 5;I was helping you You were trying to escape, there is no escape Not ever Theon Greyjoy tried to escape The master knew He knows everything He hunted him, he caught him, he strapped him to a cross, and cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left
sansa;Season 5;Good If it weren’t for you I’d still have a family If I could do to you what Ramsay did to you right here, right now, I would
theon;Season 5;I deserved everything I deserve to be Reek I did terrible things Turned on Robb Captured Winterfell Killed those boys
theon;Season 5;They weren’t those boys”, they were Bran and Rickon They were your brothers, you’d know them since they were born
theon;Season 5;They weren’t They were only-
sansa;Season 5;Only what?
theon;Season 5;I can’t
sansa;Season 5;Tell me
theon;Season 5;I can’t, not unless the master says.
sansa;Season 5;Tell me, they weren’t what?
theon;Season 5;They weren’t SANSA Tell me why Bran and Rickon should be dead while you still breathe the air Tell me to my face Theon, tell me that they weren’t your brothers
theon;Season 5;They weren’t Bran and Rickon! I couldn’t find them It was two farm boys I killed them and burned them so no one would know
sansa;Season 5;You didn’t ?
sansa;Season 5;Do you know where they went, Bran and Rickon?
theon;Season 5;I can’t talk to you anymore
sansa;Season 5;Theon, you have to tell me, do you have any idea where Bran and Rickon-
theon;Season 5;Not Theon, Reek
bolton bannerman;Season 5;Our scouts tells us he’s got no more than 6000 men More than half of them are mounted, however
roose;Season 5;And how high can Stannis’ horses jump? Our walls have been full repaired our walls have been reinforced We have enough food for six months We are more prepared for a siege than they could have ever been All we have to do is wait for them to freeze, starve, and mutiny
roose;Season 5;You disagree?
ramsay;Season 5;Stannis isn’t from the North You are, father I think you’re missing an opportunity to show the people of the North how House Bolton treats southern invaders
roose;Season 5;And what do you recommend?
ramsay;Season 5;That we not sit and wait to let Stannis to decide what type of fight this is going to be That we hit first, and hit hard, and leave a feast for the crows
roose;Season 5;A smart commander does not surrender a defensive advantage As long as we stay behind these walls they can’t touch us Not to mention that the snow is so deep that we couldn’t get an army through if we wanted to
ramsay;Season 5;I don’t need an army I need 20 good men
daenerys;Season 5;So have you decided yet? Whether I’m worthy of your service?
tyrion;Season 5;Have you decided yet whether you’re going to have me killed?
daenerys;Season 5;It’s probably my safest option
tyrion;Season 5;I can see why you would think so It’s what your father would have done
daenerys;Season 5;And what would your father do?
tyrion;Season 5;My father? Who publicly sentenced me to death? I’d say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear
daenerys;Season 5;Is that why you killed him?
tyrion;Season 5;Some day if you decide not to execute me, I’ll tell you all about why I killed my father And on that day, should it ever come, we’ll need more wine than this
daenerys;Season 5;I know what my father was What he did I know the Mad King earned his name
tyrion;Season 5;So here we sit, two terrible children of two terrible fathers
daenerys;Season 5;I’m terrible?
tyrion;Season 5;I’ve heard stories
daenerys;Season 5;Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible?
tyrion;Season 5;To see if you were the right kind of terrible
daenerys;Season 5;Which kind is that?
tyrion;Season 5;The kind that prevents your people from being even more so
daenerys;Season 5;I did reopen the fighting pits Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment
tyrion;Season 5;Yes, that was wise And you agreed to marry someone you loathed for the greater good Very impressive My own sister married someone she loathed as well, though not by choice and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid She ended up having him killed
daenerys;Season 5;Perhaps it won’t come to that
tyrion;Season 5;It’s not impossible that Varys was right about you after all
daenerys;Season 5;Varys? King Robert’s spy master?
tyrion;Season 5;Yes He was the one who convinced me to come find you He was my travelling companion before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself
daenerys;Season 5;Jorah sent my secrets to Varys For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me
tyrion;Season 5;He did what he had to do to survive He did a lot of other things that he didn’t have to do I suspect he’s the main reason you weren’t slaughtered in your crib
daenerys;Season 5;But you trust him?
tyrion;Season 5;Yes, oddly He might be the only person in the world that I trust Besides my brother
daenerys;Season 5;The brother who killed my father
tyrion;Season 5;That’s the one
daenerys;Season 5;Perhaps I will have you killed after all
tyrion;Season 5;Your queenly prerogative I had given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for You chop off my head? Well, my final days were interesting
daenerys;Season 5;I’m not going to kill you
tyrion;Season 5;No? Banish me?
daenerys;Season 5;No
tyrion;Season 5;So if I’m not going to be murdered, and I’m not going to be banished.
daenerys;Season 5;You’re going to advise me While you can still speak in complete sentences
tyrion;Season 5;Advise you on what?
daenerys;Season 5;How to get what I want
tyrion;Season 5;The Iron Throne Perhaps you should try wanting something else
daenerys;Season 5;If I want jokes I’ll get myself a proper fool
tyrion;Season 5;I’m not entirely joking There’s more to the world than Westeros after all How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better here? Perhaps this is where you belong Where you can do the most good
daenerys;Season 5;I fought so that no child born into Slaver’s Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold I will continue that fight here and beyond But this is not my home
tyrion;Season 5;And when you get back to your home, who supports you?
daenerys;Season 5;The common people
tyrion;Season 5;Let’s be generous and assume that’s going to happen Here in Slaver’s Bay you had the support of the common people and only the common people What was that like, ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone, not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you The Starks are gone as well, our two terrible fathers saw to that The remaining Lannisters won’t back you, not ever Stannis Baratheon won’t back you either, his entire claim to the Throne depends on the illegitimacy of yours That leaves the Tyrells Not impossible, but not enough
daenerys;Season 5;Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell They’re all just spokes on a wheel This ones on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground
tyrion;Season 5;It’s a beautiful dream Stopping the wheel You’re not the first person to have dreamt it
daenerys;Season 5;I’m not going to stop the wheel I’m going to break the wheel
jorah;Season 5;You said whoever wins would fight at the Great Pit in front of the queen I won
master;Season 5;You struck me
jorah;Season 5;I’ve been flogged if it makes you happy I’m the best you’ve got If I win at the Great Pit how much can you sell me for?
master;Season 5;You’re a free man, you could have gone anywhere, why did you come back?
jorah;Season 5;Let me fight for her and I belong to you
septa;Season 5;Thirsty? Confess
cersei;Season 5;I’ll get out of here, you realize Before long
septa;Season 5;Confess
cersei;Season 5;I can make you a wealthy woman A lady of the court
septa;Season 5;Confess
cersei;Season 5;I can make sure you die in the most hideous way imaginable, and all I do is sit here imagining ways for you to die
gilly;Season 5;Does it hurt?
sam;Season 5;No
gilly;Season 5;Good
sam;Season 5;How are you?
gilly;Season 5;I’m not the one who got punched and kicked in the face
sam;Season 5;You know what I mean
gilly;Season 5;I’m good
sam;Season 5;Are you scared?
gilly;Season 5;A little
sam;Season 5;Me too
sam;Season 5;Who’s there?
olly;Season 5;Olly
sam;Season 5;Come in
olly;Season 5;I heard what happened
sam;Season 5;Not to worry Men brawl from time to time It’s only natural
olly;Season 5;Figured you were hungry
sam;Season 5;You’re a good lad
olly;Season 5;Wanted to ask you something If you’ve got the time
gilly;Season 5;I need to check on baby Sam
sam;Season 5;Now then How can I help?
olly;Season 5;It’s about the Lord Commander
sam;Season 5;Yes?
olly;Season 5;He’s going up to Hardhome to save all them wildlings Wildlings killed my mom and dad They killed everyone in my village
sam;Season 5;We’ve been fighting them for years
olly;Season 5;This wasn’t a fight We were farmers and they slaughtered us So why’s he saving them?
sam;Season 5;Wildlings are people, just like us There are good ones and bad ones
olly;Season 5;The one he’s travelling with, the one with the red beard, he led the raid on my village
sam;Season 5;Olly.
olly;Season 5;How can he trust him?
sam;Season 5;I’ve seen the army of the dead I’ve seen the white walkers, and they’re coming for us, for all the living And when it’s time we’ll need every last man we can find
olly;Season 5;But what if we let the wildings through the gates and they cut our throats while we sleep?
sam;Season 5;Jon’s taking a risk, but he has to We don’t stand a chance otherwise Sometimes a man has to make hard choices, choices that might look wrong to others but you know are right in the long run
olly;Season 5;You believe that?
sam;Season 5;With all my heart
sam;Season 5;Try not to worry Olly I’ve been worrying about Jon for years He always comes back
tormund;Season 5;You trust me Jon Snow?
jon;Season 5;Does that make me a fool?
tormund;Season 5;We are fools together now
tormund;Season 5;Lord of Bones Been a long time
lord of bones;Season 5;Last time I saw you the little crow was your prisoner The other way around now What happened?
tormund;Season 5;War
lord of bones;Season 5;You call that a war? The greatest army the North has ever seen cut to pieces by a southern king
tormund;Season 5;We should gather the elders find somewhere quiet to talk
lord of bones;Season 5;You don’t give the orders here
tormund;Season 5;I’m not giving an order
lord of bones;Season 5;Why aren’t you in chains?
jon;Season 5;He’s not my prisoner
lord of bones;Season 5;What is he?
jon;Season 5;We’re allies
lord of bones;Season 5;You fucking traitor! You fight for the crows now
tormund;Season 5;I don’t fight for the crows
jon;Season 5;We’re not here to fight We’re here to talk
lord of bones;Season 5;Is that right? You and the pretty crow do a lot of talking, Tormund And when you’re done talking, do you get down on your knees and suck his cock-
tormund;Season 5;Gather the elders and let’s talk
jon;Season 5;My name’s Jon Snow I’m Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch We’re not friends We’ve never been friends We won’t become friends today This isn’t about friendship This is about survival This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and what’s out there
karsi;Season 5;You built that wall to keep us out
loboda;Season 5;Since when do the crows give 2 shits if we live?
jon;Season 5;In normal times we wouldn’t But these aren’t normal times The white walkers don’t care if a man’s Free Folk or Crow We’re all the same to them Meat to their army But together we can beat them
karsi;Season 5;Beat the white walkers? Good luck with that Run from them, maybe
jon;Season 5;It’s not a trick It’s a gift for those who join us
jon;Season 5;Dragonglass A man of the Night’s Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker
loboda;Season 5;You saw this?
jon;Season 5;No But I trust the man
karsi;Season 5;There are old stories about Dragonglass
loboda;Season 5;There are old stories about ice spiders big as hounds
karsi;Season 5;And with the things we’ve seen you don’t believe them?
jon;Season 5;Come with me and Ill share these weapons
karsi;Season 5;Come with you where?
jon;Season 5;There are good lands south of the wall The Nights Watch will allow you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands
jon;Season 5;I knew Mance Rayder He never wanted a war with the Night’s Watch, he wanted a new life for his people For you We’re prepared to give you that new life
karsi;Season 5;If ?
jon;Season 5;If you swear you join us when the real war begins
loboda;Season 5;Where is Mance?
jon;Season 5;He died
loboda;Season 5;How?
jon;Season 5;I put an arrow through his heart
loboda;Season 5;I say we send the Lord Commander back to Castle Black with no eyes
tormund;Season 5;None of you saw Mance die! I did The Southern King who broke our army, Stannis, wanted to burn him alive to send him a message Jon Snow defied that cunt’s orders His arrow was mercy What it did took courage, and that’s what we need today the courage to make peace with men we’ve been fighting for generations
karsi;Season 5;I lost my father, my uncle, and 2 brothers fighting the damn crows
jon;Season 5;I’m not asking you to forget your dead I’ll never forget mine I lost 50 brothers the night that Mance attacked the wall But I’m asking you to think about your children now They’ll never have children of their own if we don’t band together The Long Night is coming and the dead come with it No clan can stop them The free folk can’t stop them The Night’s Watch can’t stop them And all the southern kings can’t stop them Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough, but at least then we’ll give the fuckers a fight
karsi;Season 5;You vouch for this man, Tormund?
tormund;Season 5;He’s prettier than both my daughters, but he knows how to fight He’s young, but he knows how to lead He didn’t have to come to Hardhome He came because he needs us And we need him
loboda;Season 5;My ancestors would spit on me if I broke bread with a crow
karsi;Season 5;So would mine, but fuck em, they’re dead I’ll never trust a man in black But I trust you, Tormund If you say this is the way, we’re with you
tormund;Season 5;This is the way
wildling elder;Season 5;I’m with Tormund We stay here we’re dead men At least with King Crow there’s a chance
giant;Season 5;Tormund
loboda;Season 5;Keep that new life you want to give us Keep your glass, King Crow Soon as you get on his ships they’re gonna slit your throats and dump your bodies to the bottom of the Shivering Sea That’s our enemy That has always been our enemy
karsi;Season 5;I fucking hate Thenns
jon;Season 5;How many are with us? 5000?
tormund;Season 5;I’m not good at counting
jon;Season 5;We’re leaving too many behind
tormund;Season 5;The free folk are stubborn You know how long it took Mance to band them together 20 fucking years
jon;Season 5;And he knew them better than I ever will
tormund;Season 5;They’re running out of food and there’s nothing to hunt They’ll come around
karsi;Season 5;Johnna is gonna look after you She’s in charge, you listen to her
daughter;Season 5;I wanna go with you
karsi;Season 5;I need to get the old folks on the boats I’m right behind you, I promise Go on
wun wun;Season 5;Lokh kif rukh?
loboda;Season 5;Shut the gate
loboda;Season 5;Shut the gate!
shouting;Season 5;Wait! Open the gate! Let us in! Help us! Please open it
loboda loboda;Season 5;Ready your arrows
jon;Season 5;Get in line! Get in line
jon;Season 5;Hold the line! Hold the line! NIGHT
watch brother;Season 5;Lord Commander
jon;Season 5;Get them to the ship and come back for me
brother;Season 5;But you’ll never make it-
jon;Season 5;Now
jon;Season 5;You should be on one of those boats
karsi;Season 5;So should you ! My little girl has gone on Theyre gonna let them pass the wall even if you’re not there ?
jon;Season 5;You have my word I’ve given orders
karsi;Season 5;Don’t think you’re gonna be there to enforce those orders
tormund;Season 5;If they get through, everyone dies
jon;Season 5;Night’s Watch with me! Move! Move! Move
jon;Season 5;The Dragonglass
loboda;Season 5;You’re with me, lad! Now
loboda;Season 5;Get the glass
jon;Season 5;The Dragonglass
edd;Season 5;Fuck the glass! We’re gonna die here
jon;Season 5;Go! Go! Go
tormund;Season 5;Wun Wun, to the sea
jon;Season 5;Let’s go now Now
davos;Season 5;A band of 20 men, maybe less They were in and out before anyone spotted them, burnt our food stores to the ground, all our siege weapons were destroyed, dozens of tents were-
stannis;Season 5;Horses?
davos;Season 5;We’re still getting a count, but hundreds are dead
stannis;Season 5;20 men rode into our camp without a single guard sounding the alarm?
davos;Season 5;The northerners know more about their land than we ever will
stannis;Season 5;Put last night’s guards in chains, either they fell asleep or they were conspiring with the enemy Find out the truth and then hang them
davos;Season 5;Unless there’s a thaw, we can’t press forward to Winterfell, and we don’t have enough food to get us back to Castle Black
stannis;Season 5;We’re not returning to Castle Black
davos;Season 5;Forgive me, Your Grace, I never claimed to be an expert in military matters But if we can’t march forward, and we won’t march back
stannis;Season 5;Have the dead horses butchered for meat
alliser;Season 5;Open the gates
jon;Season 5;It was a failure
sam;Season 5;It wasn’t
jon;Season 5;I went to save them, I failed
sam;Season 5;You didn’t fail him, or him, or her Every one of them is alive because of you, and no one else
jon;Season 5;I don’t think that fact’s lost on them
alliser;Season 5;You have a good heart, Jon Snow It will get us all killed
davos;Season 5;You sent for me, Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Find you some healthy horses and a few good men to guard you, I’m sending you back to Castle Black Tell the Lord Commander to send food, supplies, fresh horses, in return when I take the throne I’ll make sure the Night’s Watch has all the men it requires He can guard all 19 castles if he so wishes
davos;Season 5;Your Grace, you’ve named me your Hand
stannis;Season 5;Yes
davos;Season 5;ing’s Hand should never abandon the King, especially in a time of war
stannis;Season 5;You’re not abandoning me, you’re obeying a command
davos;Season 5;A boy with a scroll could deliver this message
stannis;Season 5;And if Jon Snow refuses a boy with a scroll, what does the boy say? I didn’t name you hand for your expertise in military matters, ride for Castle Black, don’t come back empty handed
davos;Season 5;Your Grace, perhaps Queen and Princess Shireen could accompany me
stannis;Season 5;My family stays with me
davos;Season 5;At least let me take Shireen A siege is no place for a little girl
stannis;Season 5;My family stays with me
davos;Season 5;What’s this one now?
the dance of dragons;Season 5;A True Telling by Grand Maester Munkun
davos;Season 5;Well that sounds like a proper story
shireen;Season 5;Ser Byron Swann wanted to kill the dragon Vhagar He polished his shield for a week, til the steel was like a mirror Then he crouched behind it, and crept forward, hoping the dragon would only see his own reflection
davos;Season 5;But the dragon only saw a dumb man, holding a mirrored shield
shireen;Season 5;And burnt him to a crisp
davos;Season 5;Thus ending the dragonslaying career of Ser Byron Swann I made you something, Princess
davos;Season 5;Do you like it?
shireen;Season 5;He’s beautiful
shireen;Season 5;Thank you
davos;Season 5;You’re very welcome
shireen;Season 5;Will you make me a doe, too, so that he can have company?
davos;Season 5;Of course I will
shireen;Season 5;But why am I getting a present?
davos;Season 5;Because you deserve it My son was always on me trying to teach me to read Gods, I was stubborn about it Made it this far without reading, seemed to me I could make it to the grave I wish I had listened to them This is my own poor way of saying thank you for teaching me to be a grown up I’ll be gone for a few days, Princess I’ll want to hear all about the dance of dragons when I’m back
shireen;Season 5;You’ll just have to read it yourself
jaime;Season 5;Prince Doran
doran;Season 5;Forgive us, we started without you Please, sit
jaime;Season 5;Princess Myrcella
myrcella;Season 5;Uncle
jaime;Season 5;What a lovely dress
myrcella;Season 5;You don’t like it?
jaime;Season 5;You must be cold
myrcella;Season 5;Not at all The Dornish climate agrees with me
jaime;Season 5;Prince Trystane How’s your jaw?
trystane;Season 5;A fleabite
ellaria;Season 5;What are you doing in Dorne?
jaime;Season 5;Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella
doran;Season 5;And rather than send a raven or speak to me directly you decided to enter my country in secret and abduct our guest by force
jaime;Season 5;We received a threatening message The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a viper
myrcella;Season 5;That necklace was stolen from my room
jaime;Season 5;Ah Excellent The last meal before the beheading
doran;Season 5;We can’t behead you Many in Dorne want war But I’ve seen war I’ve seen the bodies piled on the battlefields I’ve seen the orphans starving in the cities I don’t want to lead my people into that hell
ellaria;Season 5;No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters
doran;Season 5;And that is precisely what we are doing Let us drink to Tommen, the first of his name, the King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms
doran;Season 5;King Tommen insists on his sister’s return to the capital?
jaime;Season 5;I’m afraid he does
doran;Season 5;I cannot disobey my King’s command She will return with you to King’s Landing And my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue, their engagement must stand
jaime;Season 5;I accept
doran;Season 5;One more thing My brother was named to the small council before his death Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the loop With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the small council
jaime;Season 5;You have my word
ellaria;Season 5;The word of a Kingslayer
ellaria;Season 5;No wonder you can’t stand You have no spine
doran;Season 5;You are mother to four of my nieces, girls I love very much For their sake, I hope you live a long life Talk to me that way again and you won’t
jaime;Season 5;May I inquire into the fate of my man?
doran;Season 5;Tell me, Ser Jaime, in King’s Landing, how do they punish a commoner who strikes a prince?
jaime;Season 5;He said it was just a fleabite The fault is mine Bronn is merely a soldier following my orders If anyone should be punished it’s me
doran;Season 5;Prince Trystane must learn judgement if he’s to rule one day I’ll let him decide
trystane;Season 5;I have learned the value of mercy from my father I will set your man free
jaime;Season 5;You’re a good man
trystane;Season 5;On one condition
nymeria;Season 5;Why do we play? I’m better than you, I’ll always be better than you Have I ever missed once? I don’t think, I can’t recall You must love humiliation or pain Which do you love most? Humiliation or pain? That one hurt didn’t it? You going to cry? Give up, little sister
tyene;Season 5;You’re going to miss
nymeria;Season 5;I never miss
tyene;Season 5;You will You’re thinking too much Now you’re nervous What if she’s right?
nymeria;Season 5;Luck
tyene;Season 5;Now it’s my turn
nymeria;Season 5;You’re too slow You’ve always been too slow
bronn;Season 5;Am I going to be happy at the end of this walk?
areo;Season 5;You’ll find out very soon
tyene;Season 5;Say it one more time, handsome Who am I?
bronn;Season 5;The most beautiful woman in the world
tyene;Season 5;And that’s the truth
nymeria;Season 5;Slut
jaime;Season 5;Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater
;Season 5;I didn’t realize there were knights of the Blackwater
bronn;Season 5;Only the one
jaime;Season 5;I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane
bronn;Season 5;Prince Sorry about the other day
jaime;Season 5;Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy He’s agreed to grant you your freedom
bronn;Season 5;I’m glad to hear it The pie looks good
jaime;Season 5;There was one condition
doran;Season 5;Perhaps some soup instead?
arya;Season 5;Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock-
man;Season 5;How much for your little clam?
arya;Season 5;Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels
vile thin man;Season 5;Come on
thin man;Season 5;Some oysters, girl! I’m talking to you! Girl?! Are you deaf? Girl?
banker;Season 5;Lord Tyrell! On behalf of the Iron Bank, may I be the first to welcome you to the free city of Braavos I hope your journey was trouble free
mace;Season 5;Bit of chop the last few days but nothing too awful Good to see the old chap is still guarding the Harbor
banker;Season 5;And how goes the harvest in the Reach?
mace;Season 5;Vintnors say this might be the best year for red grapes in half a century If we come to a satisfactory arrangement, I’ll be sure to send the Arbor’s finest your way
banker;Season 5;I’m afraid I don’t partake
mace;Season 5;Some consider usury distasteful, dishonorable Pure nonsense, of course
banker;Season 5;Im glad we see eye-to-eye on this matter
mace;Season 5;Did you know that at one point Maegor the third tried to outlaw it in the Seven Kingdoms? Wanted to arrest anyone caught charging interest and cut off both their hands
banker;Season 5;Most unfortunate for the glovers
mace;Season 5;If a man charges low interest on a loan then he has nothing to gain and everything to lose, so why charge him? Whereas a reward makes a man willing to gamble
banker;Season 5;We are not gamblers here at the Iron Bank, Lord Tyrell
mace;Season 5;You are the worlds best gamblers And all those bets you won built this
banker;Season 5;I’m afraid I still have a good deal of work to do
mace;Season 5;Oh, nonsense Works over Do you sing?
banker;Season 5;I dont have that gift
mace;Season 5;Its not a gift, it’s a skill, anyone can learn it So give me a kiss by the Long Canall and give me two kisses in Salty Town, for we are going to die, tomorrow The bareheaded beggar, the king with his crown
meryn;Season 5;I thought that old shit would never stop singing
man;Season 5;It wasn’t bad, though
meryn;Season 5;The Tyrells can all rot in hell, treasonous cunts They were going to make that boy-fucker Renly king
meryn;Season 5;This is the place, lads The sleekest little minks in Braavos
man;Season 5;You’re buying?
meryn;Season 5;Oh, I’m buying But I never was good at sharing
brothel keeper;Season 5;Sell your fish somewhere else
prostitute;Season 5;Oh let her in, Brusco, I’m hungry Come here, sweetness
prostitute;Season 5;They say oyster’s get the juices flowing We’ll take half a dozen
arya;Season 5;Three coppers
john;Season 5;Here’s a silver because the lady likes you
meryn;Season 5;Too old
head prostitute;Season 5;Brea
meryn;Season 5;Too old
head;Season 5;I have just the one Anara our most expensive girl, but well worth it, I assure you
meryn;Season 5;Too old
meryn;Season 5;Do you have what I want or not?
head;Season 5;Of course Of course
man;Season 5;Fresh? Come on, the lads are hungry
man;Season 5;Nothing better for you cock stand than fresh oysters
man;Season 5;I’ll have one
head;Season 5;Who let this girl in? Shoo shoo
meryn;Season 5;Good
meryn;Season 5;I’ll tell you when we’re done
meryn;Season 5;You’ll have a fresh one for me tomorrow
head;Season 5;Of course
head;Season 5;I’ll have you whipped, girl! Go on
man;Season 5;Valaar morghulis
jaqen;Season 5;And?
arya;Season 5;The Thin Man wasn’t hungry today
jaqen;Season 5;Perhaps that’s why the man is thin
arya;Season 5;Tomorrow
jaqen;Season 5;Tomorrow
jaqen;Season 5;A girl has work to do
doran;Season 5;Your rebellion is over You can swear your allegiance to me now, or you can die
doran;Season 5;I believe in second chances I don’t believe in third chances
ellaria;Season 5;You write like a 7 year old
jaime;Season 5;Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me
ellaria;Season 5;He didn’t try to make you pay?
ellaria;Season 5;Then maybe he’s changed The Queen will be thrilled to know you’ll be bringing her daughter home
jaime;Season 5;She will
ellaria;Season 5;You love her very much, don’t you?
jaime;Season 5;Of course, she’s my niece
ellaria;Season 5;I wasn’t talking about her
ellaria;Season 5;You think I disapprove Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from? They disapproved of Oberyn and me where you are from Here, no one blinked an eye 100 years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you if you had been named Targaryen It’s always changing, who we’re supposed to love and who we’re not.The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want
ellaria;Season 5;I know your daughter had no part in the terrible thing that happened to the man I loved Perhaps even you were innocent of that
shireen;Season 5;Father Aren’t you cold?
stannis;Season 5;No What are you reading?
shireen;Season 5;The Dance of Dragons
stannis;Season 5;What’s it about?
shireen;Season 5;It’s the story of the fight between Rhaenyra Targaryen and her half-brother Aegon for control of the Seven Kingdoms Both of them thought they belonged on the Iron Throne When people started for declaring for one of them or the other, their fight divided the kingdom in two Brothers fought brothers Dragons fought dragons By the time it was over, thousands were dead And it was a disaster for the Targaryens as well They never truly recovered
stannis;Season 5;The dance of dragons”? Why is that a dance?
shireen;Season 5;That’s just what they call it
stannis;Season 5;Doesn’t make much sense
shireen;Season 5;I think it’s poetic
stannis;Season 5;If you had to choose between Rhaenyra and Aegon, who would you have chosen?
shireen;Season 5;I wouldn’t have chosen either It’s all the choosing sides that made things so horrible
stannis;Season 5;Sometimes a person has to choose Sometimes the world forces his hand If a man knows what he is and remains true to himself, the choice is not choice at all He must fulfill his destiny and become who he is meant to be However much he may hate it
shireen;Season 5;It’s alright, father
stannis;Season 5;You don’t even know what I’m talking about
shireen;Season 5;It doesn’t matter I want to help you Is there any way I can help?
stannis;Season 5;Yes there is
shireen;Season 5;Good, I want to I’m the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon and I’m your daughter
stannis;Season 5;Forgive me
shireen;Season 5;Where’s my father? I want to see my father
melisandre;Season 5;It will all be over soon, Princess
shireen;Season 5;Where’s my father? No you can’t do this, father where are you?
shireen;Season 5;Let me see my father! Where are you, please?
selyse;Season 5;It’s what the Lord wants It’s a good thing A great thing
melisandre;Season 5;The year is now, my Lord For you we offer up this girl, that you may cleanse her with your fire and that its light may lead our way
selyse;Season 5;If we don’t act then we’ll all starve here all of us, but if we make this sacrifice
melisandre;Season 5;Accept this token of our faith, my lord and lead us from the darkness Lord of Light show us the way
shireen;Season 5;Mother, please mother! Mother, please mother
selyse;Season 5;I can’t
stannis;Season 5;There’s no other way She has King’s blood
melisandre;Season 5;Lord of Light protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors
shireen;Season 5;Mother, don’t do this please! Please help! Don’t do this! Please, father! Mother, help
selyse;Season 5;No.
daenerys;Season 5;Where have you been?
hizdahr;Season 5;Just making sure everything’s in order
announcer;Season 5;Free citizens of Meereen! By the blessings of the Graces and her majesty the Queen, welcome to the Great Games
announcer;Season 5;My queen, our first contest
who will triumph;Season 5;the strong or the quick?
quick;Season 5;I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen
strong;Season 5;I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen
hizdahr;Season 5;They’re waiting for you Clap your hands
daario;Season 5;That one, the smaller man, no question, that’s where you should put your money
tyrion;Season 5;The smaller man it is
daenerys;Season 5;I’m not putting my money anywhere
hizdahr;Season 5;Kings and queens never bet on the games Perhaps you should go find someone who does
daario;Season 5;People used to bet against me when I fought in the pits He would have bet against me Common novice mistake
hizdahr;Season 5;I have spent much of my life in Meereen, and in my experience, larger men do triumph over smaller man, far more often than not
daenerys;Season 5;Has your experience ever involved any actual fighting? You, yourself, have you ever tried to kill a man that was trying to kill you?
daario;Season 5;Whenever I got into the pit against a beast like that one, the crowd saw me, all skin and bone back then, then they saw a pile of angry muscles ready to murder me They couldn’t get their money out fast enough But the pile of angry muscles never had any muscles here or here And the big men were always too slow to stop my dagger from going where their muscles weren’t Yes, whenever I saw a beast like that one, standing across from me making his beast faces, I knew I could rest easy
hizdahr;Season 5;You don’t approve?
tyrion;Season 5;There’s always been more than enough death in the world for my taste I can do without it in my leisure time
hizdahr;Season 5;Fair enough, yet it’s an unpleasant question but what great thing has ever been accomplished without killing or cruelty?
tyrion;Season 5;It’s easy to confuse what is with what ought to be Especially when what is has worked in your favor
hizdahr;Season 5;I’m not talking about myself I’m talking about the necessary conditions of greatness
daenerys;Season 5;That is greatness?
hizdahr;Season 5;That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen Which has existed long before you arrived and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt
tyrion;Season 5;My father would have liked you
announcer;Season 5;We ask again who will triumph?
daenerys;Season 5;One day your great city will return to the dirt as well
hizdahr;Season 5;At your command?
daenerys;Season 5;If need be
announcer;Season 5;A Meereenese champion?
hizdahr;Season 5;How many people will die to make this happen?
daenerys;Season 5;If it comes to that they would have died for a good reason
hizdahr;Season 5;Those men think they’re dying for a good reason
daenerys;Season 5;Someone else’s reason
hizdahr;Season 5;So your reasons are true, and theirs are false They don’t know their own minds, but you do
tyrion;Season 5;Well said, you’re an eloquent man Doesn’t mean you’re wrong In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles
announcer;Season 5;or a Westerosi Knight?
jorah;Season 5;I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious Queen
hizdahr;Season 5;Your Grace-
daario;Season 5;Shut your mouth
tyrion;Season 5;You can end this
hizdahr;Season 5;She cannot
tyrion;Season 5;You can
daario;Season 5;Protect your queen
hizdahr;Season 5;Your Grace, Your Grace, come with me! I know a way out! I know a way-
tyrion;Season 5;Stay close
jorah;Season 5;This way
daario;Season 5;The other side, follow me
daario;Season 5;Protect your queen
daenerys;Season 5;Drogon
melisandre;Season 5;The Lord of Light has made good on his promise, my king His fires have melted the snows away The way ahead is clear
stannis;Season 5;We ride for Winterfell
melisandre;Season 5;And you will take it The Lord has shown me Bolton banners burning You will receive what is yours by right
soldier;Season 5;Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Prepare to form up
soldier;Season 5;Your Grace
stannis;Season 5;Tell me
soldier;Season 5;The men Many deserted before dawn
stannis;Season 5;How many?
soldier;Season 5;Nearly half All the sell-swords, with all the horses
soldier;Season 5;Your Grace?
stannis;Season 5;Speak up It can’t be worse than mutiny
stannis;Season 5;Cut her down
soldier;Season 5;Your Grace The Lady Melisandre was just seen riding out of camp
stannis;Season 5;Get the men into marching formation On to Winterfell
jon;Season 5;He raised his hands And they all stood up at once Tens of thousands of them, the biggest army in the world
sam;Season 5;So what are you gonna do?
jon;Season 5;I’m gonna hope they don’t learn how to climb the wall
sam;Season 5;But the Dragonglass?
jon;Season 5;No one’s ever getting that back, now It wouldn’t have mattered anyway, unless we had a mountain of it
sam;Season 5;But you killed a White Walker
jon;Season 5;With Longclaw I saw them shatter steel axes like they were glass But Longclaw
sam;Season 5;He’s made of Valyrian steel How many Valyrian steel swords are left in the Seven Kingdoms?
jon;Season 5;Not enough The first Lord Commander in history to sacrifice the lives of sworn Brothers to save the lives of Wildlings How’s it feel to be friends with the most hated man in Castle Black?
sam;Season 5;You were friends with me when I first got here And I wasn’t winning any elections back then
jon;Season 5;Here’s to us then Long may they sneer
jon;Season 5;What?
sam;Season 5;I wanted to ask you something To ask something of you Send me, Gilly, and the baby to Oldtown so I can become a Maester That’s what I’m meant to be, not this
jon;Season 5;I need you here, Sam If you leave, who’s left to give me advice I trust?
sam;Season 5;Well, there’s Edd
sam;Season 5;I’ll be more use to you as a Maester More use to everyone now that Maester Aemon’s gone The Citadel has the world’s greatest library I’ll learn about history, strategy, healing And other things Things that will help when they come
sam;Season 5;If Gilly stays here then she’ll die And the baby that she named after me will die And I’ll end up dying, too, trying to protect them Which means that the last thing that I’ll see in this world will be the look in her eyes when I fail them I’d rather see a thousand White Walkers than see that
sam;Season 5;Thank you
jon;Season 5;You know that The Citadel will make you swear off women, too
sam;Season 5;They’ll bloody try
jon;Season 5;Sam?
sam;Season 5;What?
jon;Season 5;Sam
jon;Season 5;You’ve just been beaten half to death How did you-
sam;Season 5;Very carefully
jon;Season 5;I’m glad the end of the world’s working out for someone
sam;Season 5;I’ll come back
jon;Season 5;To your return
sam;Season 5;To my return
podrick;Season 5;My lady! Stannis Stannis Baratheon is coming His whole army
brienne;Season 5;How do you know it’s Stannis?
podrick;Season 5;He’s carrying his flaming heart banners From the Blackwater I’ll never forget it
stannis;Season 5;Trench here Another one 300 yards from the castle wall Hurry them along And send out a foraging party immediately The siege begins at sunrise
soldier;Season 5;There’s not going to be a siege, Your Grace Stannis leans onto a tree and groans
stannis;Season 5;Bolton has women fighting for him
brienne;Season 5;I do not fight for the Boltons I’m Brienne of Tarth I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon I was there when he was murdered by a shadow with your face You murdered him? With blood magic?
stannis;Season 5;I did
brienne;Season 5;In the name of Renly of House Baratheon, First of his Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm, I, Brienne of Tarth, sentence you to die Do you have any last words?
stannis;Season 5;Go on, do your duty
ramsay;Season 5;Looks like we’re done here
survivor;Season 5;I surrender I surrender
ramsay;Season 5;And I accept your surrender
ramsay;Season 5;Let’s head back My wife must be lonely
myranda;Season 5;My lady I have come to escort you back to your chamber
theon;Season 5;Go with her Please
sansa;Season 5;I know what Ramsay is I know what he’ll do to me If I’m going to die, let it happen while there’s some of me left
myranda;Season 5;Die? Who said anything about dying? You can’t die yet Your father was Warden of the North, and Ramsay needs you Though I suppose he doesn’t need all of you Just the parts he’ll use to make his heir Until you’ve given him a boy or two and he’s finished using them He’s got incredible plans for those parts So Shall we wait for him to come back, or shall we begin now?
myranda;Season 5;You’re leaving it to me? Good Let’s begin
myranda;Season 5;Stop! Stop
man;Season 5;Open the gates
theon;Season 5;He’s coming back
meryn;Season 5;I can see I have my work cut out for me.You two Out
arya;Season 5;You were the first person on my list, you know For killing Syrio Forel, remember him? Probably not I’ve gotten a few of the others The Many Faced God stole a few more for me I’m glad he left me you Do you know who I am?
arya;Season 5;I can’t hear you
arya;Season 5;You know who I am I’m Arya Stark
arya;Season 5;Do you know who you are?
arya;Season 5;You’re no one You’re nothing
jaqen;Season 5;A girl has taken a life The wrong life
waif;Season 5;I was right about her
jaqen;Season 5;You were
waif;Season 5;You’re not ready Not at all
jaqen;Season 5;That man’s life wasn’t yours to take A girl stole from the Many Faced God Now a debt is owed
jaqen;Season 5;Only death can pay for life
arya;Season 5;No! No! No, you don’t die! Don’t die
waif;Season 5;Why are you crying?
arya;Season 5;He was my friend
waif;Season 5;No he wasn’t Didn’t you listen to him?
jaqen;Season 5;He was no one
arya;Season 5;But if you’re Who’s this?
jaqen;Season 5;No one at all Just as a girl should have been before she took a face from the hall
jaqen;Season 5;The faces are for no one
jaqen;Season 5;You are still someone
jaqen;Season 5;And to someone
jaqen;Season 5;the faces are as good as poison
arya;Season 5;I can’t see
arya;Season 5;What’s happening?! What’s happening?
doran;Season 5;I wish you a safe journey home
jaime;Season 5;Thank you
ellaria;Season 5;Forgive me child I wish you all the happiness in the world
bronn;Season 5;Maybe I’ll come visit you sometime
tyene;Season 5;Maybe I’ll come visit you
bronn;Season 5;Don’t wait too long I’ve a noble woman to marry back home
tyene;Season 5;You want a good girl, but you need the bad pussy
jaime;Season 5;Whenever you’re ready, My Lord
jaime;Season 5;Try not to lose it this time
myrcella;Season 5;I’ll never take it off again
jaime;Season 5;I know you didn’t want to leave Dorne But I’m glad you’re coming home Your mother’s desperate to see you And I’m glad Trystane’s coming with us He seems like a nice boy You’re lucky Arranged marriages are rarely so so well arranged
myrcella;Season 5;Do you think mother will like him
jaime;Season 5;If she sees you’re happy, I’m sure she will
myrcella;Season 5;And you really believe that?
jaime;Season 5;Have you ever known your mother to like anyone aside from her children?
myrcella;Season 5;She likes you
jaime;Season 5;I’m not so sure about that Listen There’s something I’ve wanted to tell you Something I should have told you long ago So Now that you’ve seen more of the world, you’ve learned how complicated things can be People can be The Lannisters and the Martells have hated each other for years, but you’ve fallen in love with Trystane It was an accident, really, I mean what were the chances? You happen to fall in love with the man you were assigned to marry? My point is we don’t choose whom we love We just It’s beyond our control I sound like an idiot
myrcella;Season 5;No you don’t
jaime;Season 5;What I’m trying to say What I’m trying and failing to say
myrcella;Season 5;I know what you’re trying to say
jaime;Season 5;No I’m afraid you don’t
myrcella;Season 5;I do
myrcella;Season 5;I know About you and mother I think a part of me always knew And I’m glad I’m glad that you’re my father
jaime;Season 5;Myrcella?
jaime;Season 5;Myrcella?
jaime;Season 5;Myrcella?! Myrcella?
tyrion;Season 5;You love her, don’t you? How could you not Of course, it’s hopeless for the both of you Sellsword from the fighting pits, a disgraced knight Neither one of you is fit consort for a queen But, we always want the wrong woman
daario;Season 5;Does he always talk so much?
grey worm;Season 5;Jorah the Andal
jorah;Season 5;Torgo Nudho
grey worm;Season 5;You should not be here
daario;Season 5;No, but he is
grey worm;Season 5;Our queen ordered him exiled from city
daario;Season 5;Our queen would be dead if not for him
missandei;Season 5;It’s true And I would be dead if not for the little man
tyrion;Season 5;Dwarf I believe that’s the word Apologies My Valyrian is a bit nostril”
missandei;Season 5;A bit rusty”
tyrion;Season 5;Rusty” Thank you
grey worm;Season 5;I am sorry Sorry I am not there to fight for my queen
daario;Season 5;You missed a good scrap
jorah;Season 5;None of that matters now The longer we sit here bantering the longer Daenerys is out there in the wilderness
tyrion;Season 5;He’s right The dragon headed north If we’re going to find her, that’s where we’re to go
jorah;Season 5;We? You’re a Lannister The Queen intends to remove your family from power
tyrion;Season 5;And I intend to help her do it
jorah;Season 5;You’ve been here for how many days now? I’ve fought for her for years Since she was little more than a child
tyrion;Season 5;You betrayed her
jorah;Season 5;Careful now
tyrion;Season 5;And she exiled you, twice, I believe?
jorah;Season 5;The second time thanks to you
tyrion;Season 5;Don’t blame me for your crimes, Mormont
daario;Season 5;He’s right The Queen exiled Jorah And he’s right, Jorah saved her life Perhaps she feels differently about him now Perhaps not The only way we’ll know is if we ask her
tyrion;Season 5;Fine, fine, I suppose he can join us Just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep
jorah;Season 5;If I ever kill you your eyes will be wide open
daario;Season 5;Forgive me, but why would we bring you?
tyrion;Season 5;Pardon me?
daario;Season 5;Have you ever tracked animals in the wilderness?
tyrion;Season 5;Not precisely, but I have other skills that’d be very useful-
daario;Season 5;Can you fight?
tyrion;Season 5;I have fought I don’t claim to be a great warrior
daario;Season 5;Are you good on a horse?
tyrion;Season 5;Middling
daario;Season 5;So mainly you talk?
tyrion;Season 5;And drink I’ve survived so far
daario;Season 5;Which I respect But you would not help us on this expedition You would help us here in Meereen, though None of us have any experience governing a city, except for him You want to prove your value to the queen? Prove it right here in Meereen
jorah;Season 5;He’s a foreign dwarf that barely speaks the language Why would the Meereenese listen to him?
daario;Season 5;They wouldn’t They will listen to Grey Worm
grey worm;Season 5;I’ll come with you I’ll find our queen
missandei;Season 5;You are not strong enough to go anywhere
grey worm;Season 5;I am
daario;Season 5;He is, he’s the toughest man with no balls I’ve ever met But you still can’t go The people believe in you They know you speak for the queen
missandei;Season 5;It’s true Only the Unsullied can keep the peace in Meereen If you leave, half the city will consume the other half
daario;Season 5;And Missandei Our queen trusts no one more than Missandei Certainly not me The queen’s closest confidant, the commander of the Unsullied, and the foreign dwarf with the scarred face Good fortune, my friends, Meereen is ancient and glorious Try not to ruin her Looks like it’s you and me, Jorah the Andal Let’s find some good horses We have so much to talk about
voice;Season 5;Hello, old friend
varys;Season 5;I thought we were so happy together until you abandoned me
tyrion;Season 5;I suppose there’s no point in asking how you found me
varys;Season 5;The birds sing in the west, the birds sing in the east If one knows how to listen They tell me you’ve already found favor with the Mother of Dragons
tyrion;Season 5;Well, she didn’t execute me, so that’s a promising start Now the heroes are off to find her, and I’m stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war Any advice for an old comrade?
varys;Season 5;Information is the key You need to learn your enemies’ strengths and strategies You need to learn which of your friends are not your friends
tyrion;Season 5;If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies
varys;Season 5;If only A grand old city, choking on violence, corruption, and deceit Who could possibly have any experience managing such a massive, ungainly beast?
tyrion;Season 5;I did miss you
varys;Season 5;Oh, I know
daenerys;Season 5;We have to go home
daenerys;Season 5;My poor, sweet thing Does it hurt? We have to go home Drogon? Can you take me back to Meereen?
daenerys;Season 5;How far did you carry me?
daenerys;Season 5;Drogon, we need to return My people need me
daenerys;Season 5;Well, there’s no food At the very least you can hunt us some supper
septa;Season 5;Confess Confess
cersei;Season 5;I have sinned I see that now How could I have been so blind for so long I want to be clean again I want absolution The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high, and with its holy light-
high sparrow;Season 5;You wish to make a confession?
cersei;Season 5;Once I’ve confessed, will I be free?
sparrow;Season 5;Your Grace will be dealt with according to her sins
cersei;Season 5;The Mother have mercy then I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage, I confess
sparrow;Season 5;Name him
cersei;Season 5;Lancel Lannister
sparrow;Season 5;Your cousin And the King’s squire
cersei;Season 5;I was lonely and afraid
sparrow;Season 5;You had a husband
cersei;Season 5;A husband of whoring every chance he got
sparrow;Season 5;His sins do not pardon your own
cersei;Season 5;May the gods forgive me
sparrow;Season 5;Other men?
cersei;Season 5;No
sparrow;Season 5;No others?
cersei;Season 5;No
sparrow;Season 5;Speaking falsehoods before the Gods is a great crime You understand this?
cersei;Season 5;I do
sparrow;Season 5;There are those who say your children were not fathered by King Robert That they are bastards born of incest and adultery
cersei;Season 5;A lie A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon He wants the Throne, but his brother’s children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brothers’ The filth There is not one shred of truth to it I deny it
sparrow;Season 5;Good But these are terrible charges And the realm must know the truth of them If Your Grace has given honest testimony, your trial will prove your innocence
cersei;Season 5;Trial? I have confessed?
sparrow;Season 5;To a single sin Others you have denied Your trial will separate the truths from the falsehoods
cersei;Season 5;I bow to the wisdom of your High Holiness But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mother’s mercy I haven’t seen my son I don’t know how long it’s been I need to see him Please
sparrow;Season 5;You have taken the first step on a path back to righteousness In light of this, I will permit you to return to the Red Keep
cersei;Season 5;Thank you Thank you
sparrow;Season 5;The Mother is merciful It is her you should thank
cersei;Season 5;I will, I will I swear it, day and night
sparrow;Season 5;Good
cersei;Season 5;Am I free to go?
sparrow;Season 5;After your atonement
cersei;Season 5;My atonement?
sparrow;Season 5;A sinner comes before you Cersei of House Lannister, mother to his Grace King Tommen, widow to his Grace King Robert She has committed the acts of falsehood and fornication She has confessed her sins and begged for forgiveness To demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride, all artifice, and present herself as the gods made her, to you The good people of the city She comes before you with a solemn heart Shorn of secrets Naked before the eyes of gods and men To make her walk of atonement
septa;Season 5;Shame Shame Shame
crowd;Season 5;Bitch! Whore! All hail her royal tits
woman;Season 5;I’ve had half as many cocks as the queen
man;Season 5;Suck me off! Suck me off, you bitch
qyburn;Season 5;Your Grace It’s good to have you back Come We’ll take you inside I need to have a look at those feet
qyburn;Season 5;May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard
qyburn;Season 5;If it please Your Grace, he’s taken a holy vow of silence He has sworn that he will not speak until all his Grace’s enemies are dead, and the evil has been driven from the realm
davos;Season 5;He came to your aid Stannis Now he needs you
jon;Season 5;We don’t have enough men to make any difference
davos;Season 5;The wildlings will make a difference
jon;Season 5;The wildlings won’t ever fight for Stannis, I told you before-
davos;Season 5;You saved their bloody lives If they’re going to live in the Seven Kingdoms, safe behind our wall, they ought to fight for the damn place
jon;Season 5;It’s not their fight
jon;Season 5;Stannis?
davos;Season 5;Shireen? The princess?
olly;Season 5;Lord Commander It’s one of the wildlings you brought back Says he knows your Uncle Benjen Says he’s still alive
jon;Season 5;Are you sure he’s talking about Benjen?
olly;Season 5;Says he was first Ranger Said he knows where to find him
alliser;Season 5;Man says he saw your uncle at Hardhome the last full moon
jon;Season 5;He could be lying
alliser;Season 5;Could be There are ways to find out
jon;Season 5;Where is he?
alliser;Season 5;Over there
alliser;Season 5;For the Watch
brother;Season 5;For the Watch
brother;Season 5;For the Watch
brother;Season 5;For the Watch
brother;Season 5;For the Watch
jon;Season 5;Olly
watchman;Season 6;It’s the Lord Commander
davos;Season 6;Help me get him inside
dolorous edd;Season 6;Thorne did this
davos;Season 6;How many of your brothers do you think you can trust?
dolorous edd;Season 6;Trust? The men in this room
davos;Season 6;Does the wolf know you?
davos;Season 6;We need all the help we can get
melisandre;Season 6;Ser Davos
melisandre;Season 6;I saw him in the flames, fighting at Winterfell
davos;Season 6;I can’t speak for the flames, but he’s gone
male voice;Season 6;He was our Lord Commander
male voice;Season 6;He never should have been
alliser thorne;Season 6;You all know why you’re here Jon Snow is dead NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;Who killed him?
alliser thorne;Season 6;I did
alliser thorne;Season 6;And Bowen Marsh and Othell Yarwyck and the other officers in this castle NIGHT
watchmen;Season 6;Murderers! NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;Traitors
alliser thorne;Season 6;You’re right
alliser thorne;Season 6;We’ve committed treason, all of us Jon Snow was my Lord Commander I had no love for him That was no secret But I never once disobeyed an order Loyalty is the foundation on which the Night’s Watch is built, and the Watch means everything to me I have given my life, we have all given our lives to the Night’s Watch Jon Snow was going to destroy the Night’s Watch He let the wildlings through our gates, as no Lord Commander has ever done before He gave them the very land on which they reaved and raped and murdered Lord Commander Snow did what he thought was right, I’ve no doubt about that And what he thought was right would have been the end of us He thrust a terrible choice upon us, and we made it
davos;Season 6;He’ll have seen we didn’t come Thorne will have made it official by now Castle Black is his
dolorous edd;Season 6;I don’t care who’s sitting at the high table Jon was my friend, and those fuckers butchered him Now we return the favor
davos;Season 6;We don’t have the numbers
dolorous edd;Season 6;We have a direwolf
davos;Season 6;It’s not enough I didn’t know Lord Commander Snow for long, but I have to believe he wouldn’t have wanted his friends to die for nothing
dolorous edd;Season 6;If you were planning to see tomorrow, you picked the wrong room We all die today I say we do our best to take Thorne with us when we go
davos;Season 6;We need to fight, but we don’t need to die Not if we have help NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;Who’s gonna help us?
davos;Season 6;You’re not the only ones who owe your lives to Jon Snow
dolorous edd;Season 6;Bolt the door Don’t let anyone in I’ll be back as soon as I can
ramsay;Season 6;She was 11 the first time I saw her
ramsay;Season 6;The kennelmaster’s daughter She smelled of dog I wasn’t much older, but everybody was already afraid of me You certainly were
ramsay;Season 6;Myranda wasn’t, though What could I do to her that those hounds couldn’t? She was fearless There was nothing she wouldn’t do
ramsay;Season 6;Your pain will be paid for a thousand times over I wish you could be here to watch
maester wolkan;Season 6;Shall I have a grave dug for her, my lord? Or would you rather the men build a pyre?
ramsay;Season 6;Buried, burned?
ramsay;Season 6;This is good meat Feed it to the hounds
roose;Season 6;Your command of the cavalry was impressive Thanks to you, the false king Stannis Baratheon is dead Do you know who struck the killing blow?
ramsay;Season 6;No
roose;Season 6;A shame I’d reward the man Still, a great victory Do you feel like a victor?
roose;Season 6;I rebelled against the crown to arrange your marriage to Sansa Stark Do you think that burning wagons in the night and mowing down tired, outnumbered Baratheons is the same as facing a prepared and provisioned Lannister army?
ramsay;Season 6;No
roose;Season 6;A reckoning will come We need the North to face it The entire North They won’t back us without Sansa Stark We no longer have Sansa Stark You played your games with her You played your games with the heir to the Iron Islands and now they’re both gone
ramsay;Season 6;I have a team of men after them with some of my best hounds They won’t get far
roose;Season 6;I’m glad to hear it Without Sansa, you won’t be able to produce an heir And without an heir, well
roose;Season 6;let’s hope the maesters are right and Lady Walder’s carrying a boy
theon;Season 6;We can’t stop
theon;Season 6;We have to cross here
sansa;Season 6;I can’t
theon;Season 6;It’s the only way to throw off the hounds
sansa;Season 6;But it’s too cold I can’t I won’t make it I’ll die
theon;Season 6;I’ve seen what his hounds do to a person This way is better
theon;Season 6;Over here Come on
theon;Season 6;Sansa Sansa
theon;Season 6;Stay here I’ll lure them away
sansa;Season 6;No, I won’t make it without you
theon;Season 6;You will Go north, only north Jon is Lord Commander at Castle Black He’ll help you
bolton officer;Season 6;Where is Lady Bolton?
theon;Season 6;Dead
bolton officer;Season 6;Liar
theon;Season 6;She broke her leg jumping from the ramparts I left her to die in the snow
bolton officer;Season 6;I can’t wait to see what parts Ramsay cuts off you this time dy woman
brienne;Season 6;Lady Sansa, I offer my services once again I will shield your back and keep your council and give my life for yours if need be I swear it by the old gods and the new
sansa;Season 6;And I vow that you shall always have a place by my hearth and
podrick;Season 6;Meat and mead at my table
sansa;Season 6;Meat and mead at my table And I pledge to ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor I swear it by the old gods and the new Arise
handmaiden;Season 6;Your Grace, I’m sorry to disturb you A ship from Dorne has sailed into the harbor
cersei;Season 6;Myrcella
cersei;Season 6;Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body?
jaime;Season 6;Mother
cersei;Season 6;All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now Every day, every night, what does Mama look like now? Has she started to bloat? Has her skin turned black? Have her lips peeled back from her teeth?
cersei;Season 6;I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt
cersei;Season 6;I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse
jaime;Season 6;Shh, shh Don’t think about it
cersei;Season 6;I have to I have to It’s not right she has to suffer alone
jaime;Season 6;She’s not suffering She’s gone No one can hurt her anymore
cersei;Season 6;She was good From her first breath, she was so sweet I don’t know where she came from She was nothing like me No meanness, no jealous, just good
jaime;Season 6;I know
cersei;Season 6;I thought if I could make something so good, so pure maybe I’m not a monster
jaime;Season 6;Listen listen to me She was my daughter and I failed her
cersei;Season 6;No, I knew this would happen The witch told me years ago She promised me three children She promised me they’d die And gold their shrouds.” Everything she said came true You couldn’t have stopped it It’s prophecy It’s fate
jaime;Season 6;You don’t believe that
cersei;Season 6;Of course I do You told me yourself when Father died You said we had to stay together You said people would try to tear us apart, take what’s ours That was a prophecy, too I didn’t listen to you, and everything you said came true
septa unella;Season 6;The Seven Hells brim with the souls of saintly men They scream in agony and their shame is so great, they do not feel the flames, for now they see if not for a single sin they concealed, they were saved
margaery;Season 6;I’d like to see my brother
septa unella;Season 6;Confess
margaery;Season 6;Please How is he? At least tell me that
septa unella;Season 6;Confess
margaery;Season 6;I am the queen and I demand to see my brother
septa unella;Season 6;Sinners don’t make commands They make confessions
high sparrow;Season 6;Septa Unella
high sparrow;Season 6;Our other guests need you
high sparrow;Season 6;There
high sparrow;Season 6;Septa Unella can be overzealous at times I’ll speak with her
margaery;Season 6;My brother, can you tell me how he is?
high sparrow;Season 6;It isn’t Ser Loras that brings me here Your husband misses you dearly The love between a man and wife is sacred It reflects the love the gods have for all of us But sin leads us away from the sacred And only confession can purge sin
margaery;Season 6;I have nothing to confess
high sparrow;Season 6;So you believe you are pure? Perfect? Wholly without sin?
margaery;Season 6;None of us are
high sparrow;Season 6;You have started down the path But you have many miles to go
doran;Season 6;I always envied Oberyn He lived He truly lived Sailed around the world Fought men from every country Lay with the most beautiful women alive
ellaria;Season 6;And men
doran;Season 6;And men He experienced everything, while I sat here in Dorne trying my best to keep my people alive and well fed But that is life We each have our roles
doran;Season 6;Oberyn was born to be an adventurer And I was born to rule
ellaria;Season 6;The gods are not fools You would have been a lousy adventurer And Oberyn, pfft, he would have been a terrible ruler
doran;Season 6;Your mother is a brilliant woman, you know that?
maester;Season 6;Prince Doran
doran;Season 6;The Princess Myrcella
ellaria;Season 6;When was the last time you left this palace? You don’t know your own people Their disgust for you Elia Martell raped and murdered, and you did nothing Oberyn martell butchered, and you did nothing You’re not a Dornishman You’re not our prince
doran;Season 6;My son Trystane
ellaria;Season 6;Your son is weak just like you And weak men will never rule Dorne again
trystane;Season 6;I told you I’m not hungry
obara;Season 6;We’re not here to feed you
obara;Season 6;We’re here to kill you
nymeria;Season 6;You want her to do it or me?
trystane;Season 6;We are family I don’t want to hurt you
nymeria;Season 6;Her or me?
nymeria;Season 6;Good
obara;Season 6;Smart boy
nymeria;Season 6;You’re a greedy bitch, you know that?
tyrion;Season 6;We’re never going to fix what’s wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid
tyrion;Season 6;We’ll be fine We’re dressed like common merchants
varys;Season 6;You walk like a rich person
tyrion;Season 6;You’ve spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?
varys;Season 6;You walk as though the paving stones were your personal property I used to steal from people like you when I was a boy
tyrion;Season 6;It’s a good thing you’re not a boy anymore because you have no cock
tyrion;Season 6;For your baby To eat
varys;Season 6;She thinks you want to eat her baby
varys;Season 6;His Valyrian is terrible He only wants to give you money, so your baby can eat
varys;Season 6;Mhysa means mother in Valyrian
tyrion;Season 6;I know what mhysa means
varys;Season 6;Who wrote it?
tyrion;Season 6;Hard to know Our queen is not as popular in Meereen as she used to be
varys;Season 6;The Sons of the Harpy?
tyrion;Season 6;Very possibly Daenerys Targaryen took away their most valuable property, told them human beings weren’t even property to begin with You can see why they’re unhappy Of course, it could also be the freed men
listeners;Season 6;For the night is dark and full of terrors
red priest;Season 6;The Lord of Light sent the Mother of Dragons to you, and those who love the darkness chased her away
tyrion;Season 6;Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them
varys;Season 6;She did fly away on a dragon and not come back
red priest;Season 6;How will you respond? Will you wring your hands, while you wait for the Mother of Dragons to return? Or will you you take up her flames yourselves? Will you fight for your own salvation, now that Queen Daenerys is not here to fight for you?
tyrion;Season 6;It’s a problem
tyrion;Season 6;Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill Whoever you are, wherever you go, someone in this city wants to murder you We can’t fight an enemy we don’t know
varys;Season 6;The Sons of the Harpy planned their attack in the fighting pits very carefully, which means they take orders from someone
tyrion;Season 6;And have you started looking for that someone?
varys;Season 6;My little birds have already taken wing Soon they’ll return, singing songs of men in gold masks
tyrion;Season 6;Well, we won’t be sailing to Westeros anytime soon
daario;Season 6;Goat?
jorah;Season 6;Ram
daario;Season 6;You think our friend got him?
jorah;Season 6;Don’t know anything else that can melt a ram’s horn
daario;Season 6;We’re on the right path, then
daario;Season 6;Perhaps she’s tired of being queen I don’t think she likes it very much
jorah;Season 6;She’s too smart to like it
daario;Season 6;Maybe she’s flown somewhere else, somewhere far away from men like us
jorah;Season 6;I’ve been all over the world There’s no escaping men like us
daario;Season 6;There’s no escaping her, eh? You keep coming back Why?
jorah;Season 6;You know why
daario;Season 6;isn’t it frustrating wanting someone who doesn’t want you back?
jorah;Season 6;Of course it is
daario;Season 6;You’re a romantic I admire that Sometimes I look at you and I think, So that’s what I’ll be like when I grow old
jorah;Season 6;If you grow old
daario;Season 6;If I grow old I hope I do I want to see what the world looks like when she’s done conquering it
jorah;Season 6;So do I
daario;Season 6;Huh, an army?
jorah;Season 6;Not an army A horde
daario;Season 6;Dothraki?
jorah;Season 6;They have her
bloodrider;Season 6;Maybe she saw a ghost My friend’s mother saw a ghost and her hair turned white
bloodrider;Season 6;Pink people are afraid of the sun It burns their skin This one stands too long in the sun and her hair goes white
bloodrider;Season 6;You think she’s got white pussy hair too? You ever been with a girl with white pussy hair?
bloodrider;Season 6;Only when I was fucking your grandma
bloodrider;Season 6;I’ll ask Khal Moro for a night with you What do you think?
bloodrider;Season 6;Pretty eyes, but she’s an idiot
bloodrider;Season 6;She doesn’t have to be smart to get fucked in the ass
bloodrider;Season 6;I like to talk when I’m finished Otherwise, we might as well be dogs
bloodrider;Season 6;For you, my Khal The white-haired girl we found in the hills
bloodrider;Season 6;Look at those lips, blood of my blood
wife;Season 6;Blue-eyed women are witches
wife;Season 6;It is known
wife;Season 6;Cut off her head, before she casts a spell on you
khal moro;Season 6;Even if I was blind, I’d hear my wives say, Cut off her head” and I’d know this woman was beautiful I’m glad I’m not blind Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time, what is better than that?
bloodrider;Season 6;Killing another Khal?
khal moro;Season 6;Yes, killing another Khal
bloodrider;Season 6;Conquering a city and taking her people as slaves, and taking her idols back to Vaes Dothrak
bloodrider;Season 6;Breaking a wild horse, forcing it to submit to your will
khal moro;Season 6;Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time is among the five best things in life
daenerys;Season 6;Do not touch me
daenerys;Season 6;I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar of the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons
khal moro;Season 6;You are nobody, the millionth of your name, Queen of Nothing, slave of Khal Moro Tonight I will lie with you, and if the Great Stallion is kind, you will give me a son Do you understand?
daenerys;Season 6;I will not lie with you And I will bear no children, for you, or anyone else Not until the sun rises in the west, and sets in the east
wife;Season 6;I told you she was a witch Cut off her head
khal moro;Season 6;I like her She has spirit
daenerys;Season 6;I was wife of Khal Drogo, son of Khal Bharbo
khal moro;Season 6;Khal Drogo is dead
daenerys;Season 6;I know I burnt his body
khal moro;Season 6;Forgive me I did not know It is forbidden to lie with a Khal’s widow No one will touch you You have my word
daenerys;Season 6;If you will escort me back to Meereen, I will see that your khalasar is given a thousand horses, as a sign of my gratitude
khal moro;Season 6;When a Khal dies, there is only one place for his Khaleesi
wife;Season 6;Vaes Dothrak The Temple of the Dosh Khaleen
wife;Season 6;To live out her days with the widows of dead Khals It is known
arya;Season 6;Thank you
waif;Season 6;Are you listening, blind girl? Do you hear them talking? Do any of them talk to you? No So sad
waif;Season 6;Stand and fight, blind girl
arya;Season 6;I can’t see
waif;Season 6;That’s your problem, not mine
waif;Season 6;See you tomorrow
alliser thorne;Season 6;Ser Davos, we have no cause to fight We are both anointed knights
davos;Season 6;Hear that, lads? Nothing to fear
alliser thorne;Season 6;I will grant amnesty to all brothers who thrown down their arms before nightfall And you, Ser Davos, I will allow you to travel south, a free man with a fresh horse
davos;Season 6;And some mutton I’d like some mutton
alliser thorne;Season 6;What?
davos;Season 6;I’m not much of a hunter I’ll need some food if I’m gonna make it south without starving
alliser thorne;Season 6;We’ll give you food You can bring the Red Woman with you if you like Or you can leave her here with us, whichever you choose But surrender by nightfall or this ends with blood
davos;Season 6;Thank you, Ser Alliser We’ll discuss amongst ourselves and come back to you with an answer
davos;Season 6;Boys, I’ve been running from men like that ll my life In my learned opinion, we open that door NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;And they’ll slaughter us all NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;They want to come in, they’re gonna come in
davos;Season 6;Aye, but we don’t need to make it easy for them NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;Edd is our only chance NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;It’s a sad fucking statement if Dolorous Edd is our only chance
davos;Season 6;There’s always the Red Woman NIGHT
watchman;Season 6;What’s one redhead gonna do against 40 armed men?
thr young rodrik;Season 6;Give him another go, Ned
bran;Season 6;That’s my father And my Uncle Benjen
young ned;Season 6;Keep your shield up or I’ll ring your head like a bell
bran;Season 6;They were all so happy THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;So were you once
young ned;Season 6;Sto showin off
;Season 6;Lyanna
bran;Season 6;M Aun Lyanna I’v see he statu i th crypt M fathe neve talke abou her
;Season 6;Would you get out of here? We’re sparring
young lyanna;Season 6;Who are you gonna spar with when Ned goes off to the Eyrie?
;Season 6;I don’t know
young lyanna;Season 6;What about him?
young ned;Season 6;Wylis, come here
bran;Season 6;Hodor?
;Season 6;But he’s got giant’s blood
young ned;Season 6;And you’ve got training Sounds like a fair match to me
young lyanna;Season 6;Benjen always lifts his chin when he’s about to charge
young hodor;Season 6;And lowers it when he’s going to dodge, my lady
bran;Season 6;Hodor talks?
nan;Season 6;You leave the fighting to the little lords, Wylis Come along, now It’s no place for you
young ned;Season 6;Oh, Nan, look at the size of him If he ever learned to fight, he’d be unstoppable
nan;Season 6;Well, he’s never going to learn to fight because he’s a stable boy So leave him be THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;It is time to go
bran;Season 6;Please, a little longer
bran;Season 6;You finally show me something I care about and then you drag me away THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;It is beautiful beneath the sea, but if you stay too long, you’ll drown
bran;Season 6;I wasn’t drowning I was home
bran;Season 6;Wylis
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
bran;Season 6;I saw you as a boy You could talk What happened?
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
bran;Season 6;Where’s Meera?
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
bran;Season 6;You shouldn’t be here It’s not safe outside the cave
meera;Season 6;It’s not safe anywhere
bran;Season 6;I saw that Hodor wasn’t always Hodor
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
bran;Season 6;His real name is Wylis And he could talk and fight and and then -
bran;Season 6;What’s wrong?
bran;Season 6;The Three-Eyed Raven says there’s a war coming
meera;Season 6;And we’re going to fight it in there
child of the forest;Season 6;Brandon Stark needs you
meera;Season 6;For what? I sit in there and I watch him have his visions and nothing ever happens
child of the forest;Season 6;He isn’t going to stay there forever And out there he needs you
alliser thorne;Season 6;It’s time, Ser Davos Open the door and the men inside can rejoin their brothers in peace We’ll even set the wolf free north of the Wall where it belongs Nobody needs to die tonight
davos;Season 6;I’ve never been much of a fighter
davos;Season 6;Apologies for what you’re about to see
alliser thorne;Season 6;Come on
alliser thorne;Season 6;Attack
alliser thorne;Season 6;Fight, you cowards
alliser thorne;Season 6;You fucking traitor
dolorous edd;Season 6;The only traitors here are the ones who shoved their knives into their Lord Commander’s heart
alliser thorne;Season 6;For thousands of years the Night’s Watch has held Castle Black against the Wildlings
tormund;Season 6;Until you
dolorous edd;Season 6;Throw them into the cells where they belong
tormund;Season 6;Took a lot of knives I’ll have my men get the wood for a fire Bodies to burn
storyteller;Season 6;Right, so there she is, high and mighty Queen Cersei, tits and ass jiggling in the breeze
storyteller;Season 6;All of a sudden she looks my way Gives me a little smile like, Well?” So, all right, you know, I’ve never been shy and I’m blessed down south, so I put it right out She’s never seen anything like it I mean, she’s used to her brother, and from what I hear, Jaime Lannister’s half an inch shy of an inch She sees it and I swear to the gods she licks her lips Well, you all know me You know I wouldn’t lie about this
cersei;Season 6;Get out of my way KING
soldier;Season 6;King’s orders, Your Grace
cersei;Season 6;What are the king’s orders? KING
soldier;Season 6;He would like you to remain in the Red Keep, Your Grace, for your own protection
cersei;Season 6;You’re barring me from attending my own daughter’s funeral? KING
soldier;Season 6;Forgive me, Your Grace, by the king’s command, I cannot let you pass
cersei;Season 6;I would like to speak to my son KING
soldier;Season 6;He has left the Red Keep, Your Grace
tommen;Season 6;She grew up
jaime;Season 6;Almost
tommen;Season 6;Have we caught Prince Trystane’s killers? I expect it was Mother
jaime;Season 6;Your mother wouldn’t do that
tommen;Season 6;Yes, she would
jaime;Season 6;Are you angry with her?
tommen;Season 6;Of course not
jaime;Season 6;Then why didn’t you let her come? She has every right to be here
tommen;Season 6;They told me she wouldn’t be allowed in the sept If she had tried -
jaime;Season 6;They’re not putting your mother in a cell ever again Not while I’m here Why haven’t you gone to see her? Everything she endured, she did it for you
tommen;Season 6;Don’t you think I know that? I’m sorry But I can’t
jaime;Season 6;Why not?
tommen;Season 6;When the Faith Militant seized her and Margaery, what did I do? When they paraded her through the streets like a whore, what did I do?
jaime;Season 6;We all fail sometimes
tommen;Season 6;The king is supposed to be the Protector of the Realm If I can’t even protect my own wife or my own mother, what good am I?
jaime;Season 6;Go and see your mother and ask her to forgive you
high sparrow;Season 6;Your Grace Lord Commander
tommen;Season 6;I want to see my wife
high sparrow;Season 6;The gods wait for Queen Margaery to confess her crimes and seek their mercy The king must wait as well
jaime;Season 6;Go and see your mother, Tommen
jaime;Season 6;You’re a bold man
high sparrow;Season 6;On the contrary I fear a great deal The Father, the Mother, the Warrior
high sparrow;Season 6;Do you know why we use these stones? To remind us not to fear death We close our eyes on this world and open them on the next
jaime;Season 6;You must long for the next life
high sparrow;Season 6;In truth, I fear that, too
jaime;Season 6;You imprisoned and humiliated my sister
high sparrow;Season 6;Your sister sought the gods’ mercy and atoned for her sin
jaime;Season 6;What about my sins?
jaime;Season 6;I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back I killed my own cousin When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape their justice What atonement do I deserve?
high sparrow;Season 6;You would spill blood in this holy place?
jaime;Season 6;Oh, the gods won’t mind They’ve spilled more blood than the rest of us combined
high sparrow;Season 6;Go on, then I deserve it We all do We are weak, vain creatures We live only by the Mother’s mercy
jaime;Season 6;They should be closer if you mean for them to save you
high sparrow;Season 6;I don’t They’d never reach me before you struck
jaime;Season 6;I’ve fought against worse odds
high sparrow;Season 6;No doubt many of us would fall But who are we, hmm? We have no names, no family Every one of us is poor and powerless And yet together, we can overthrow an empire
tommen;Season 6;Mother
cersei;Season 6;Did they put her in the red gown or the gold?
tommen;Season 6;Gold
cersei;Season 6;Good It was always her color
tommen;Season 6;I’m sorry for keeping you here I shouldn’t have, but I was I didn’t want to lose you again
cersei;Season 6;I understand I’m glad to see you
tommen;Season 6;I know I should have come sooner I wanted to I was wrong
cersei;Season 6;It’s all right
tommen;Season 6;No, it isn’t
tommen;Season 6;I should have executed all of them I should have pulled down the sept onto the High Sparrow’s head before I let them do that to you, as you would have for me You raised me to be strong and I wasn’t But I want to be Help me
cersei;Season 6;Always
tyrion;Season 6;If I lost my cock, I’d drink all the time
tyrion;Season 6;Meaning no offense He makes dwarf jokes, I make eunuch jokes
varys;Season 6;I do not make dwarf jokes
tyrion;Season 6;You think them
varys;Season 6;So, the fleet It’s been burned
grey worm;Season 6;We are searching for the men who burned the ships, but nobody saw anything
tyrion;Season 6;Surely there’s some good news lurking somewhere
varys;Season 6;Astapor and Yunkai have stopped asking us for aid
tyrion;Season 6;Perhaps they can tell us their secret
varys;Season 6;The Masters have retaken both cities Outside of Meereen, the whole of Slaver’s Bay has returned to the slavers
tyrion;Season 6;What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid
missandei;Season 6;They are not eating They haven’t touched any food since Queen Daenerys left
tyrion;Season 6;Daenerys is the dragon queen Can’t very well let the dragons starve, that’s obvious
grey worm;Season 6;If a dragon does not want to eat, how do you force him to eat?
tyrion;Season 6;Dragons do not do well in captivity
missandei;Season 6;How do you know this?
tyrion;Season 6;That’s what I do I drink and I know things
tyrion;Season 6;The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles Then Daenerys’s ancestors started chaining them up in pens A few generations later, the last dragons were no larger than cats They must be unchained or they’ll waste away Missandei, how many times were you in the company of these dragons?
missandei;Season 6;Many times
tyrion;Season 6;And did they ever harm you?
missandei;Season 6;Never
tyrion;Season 6;Dragons are intelligent More intelligent than men according to some maesters They have affection for their friends and fury for their enemies I am their friend
varys;Season 6;Do they know that?
tyrion;Season 6;They will It’s time they had their supper
tyrion;Season 6;I’m friends with your mother I’m here to help Don’t eat the help
tyrion;Season 6;When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day I begged him for one of you It wouldn’t even have to be a big dragon,” I told him It could be little, like me
tyrion;Season 6;Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago I cried myself to sleep that night
tyrion;Season 6;But here you are
tyrion;Season 6;Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face
waif;Season 6;What’s your name?
waif;Season 6;What’s your name?
arya;Season 6;No one
waif;Season 6;I don’t believe that
waif;Season 6;You don’t believe that
jaqen;Season 6;Who are you?
arya;Season 6;No one
jaqen;Season 6;If a girl says her name, a man will let her sleep under a roof tonight
arya;Season 6;A girl has no name
jaqen;Season 6;If a girl says her name, a man will feed her tonight
arya;Season 6;A girl has no name
jaqen;Season 6;If a girl says her name, a man will give her eyes back
arya;Season 6;A girl has no name
jaqen;Season 6;Come
jaqen;Season 6;Leave it A girl is not a beggar anymore
lord kar;Season 6;He came upon the bodies on our way here
roose;Season 6;Half a dozen men? Your best hunters?
ramsay;Season 6;They obviously had help
roose;Season 6;I didn’t think lady Sansa killed them all by herself Thank you for this report, Lord Kastark
ramsay;Season 6;We know where she’s going Her brother’s at Castle Black
lord kar;Season 6;Ned Stark’s last surviving son?
roose;Season 6;Jon Snow is a bastard, not a Stark
ramsay;Season 6;So was I, Father
lord kar;Season 6;Your hold on the North will never be secure as long as a Stark can walk through that door
ramsay;Season 6;Castle Black isn’t defended on the southern side And the few men left are barely men at all Farm boys and thieves With a small force we could storm the castle, kill Jon Snow -
roose;Season 6;Murder the Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch? You’d unite every house in the North against us
ramsay;Season 6;We don’t need every house in the North The Umbers, the Manderlys, and the Karstarks command more soldiers than all the other houses combined With their support, none could challenge us
lord kar;Season 6;The Starks lost my house the day King Rob cut off my father’s head It’s time for new blood in the North
roose;Season 6;If you acquire a reputation as a mad dog, you’ll be treated as a mad dog Taken out back and slaughtered for pig feed
maester wolkan;Season 6;My lords Lady Walda has given birth A boy Red-cheeked and healthy
lord kar;Season 6;My congratulations, Lord Bolton
ramsey;Season 6;Congratulations, Father I look forward to meeting my new brother
roose;Season 6;You’ll always be my firstborn
ramsay;Season 6;Thank you for saying that It means a great deal to me
ramsay;Season 6;Maester Wolkan, send ravens to all the Northern houses Roose Bolton is dead Poisoned by our enemies
ramsay;Season 6;How did he die?
maester wolkan;Season 6;Poisoned by his enemies
lord kar;Season 6;Youre talking to your lord Use respect
maester wolkan;Season 6;Forgive me, my lord
ramsay;Season 6;Send for Lady Walda and the baby
maester wolkan;Season 6;She’s resting, my lord
maester wolkan;Season 6;At once, my lord
ramsay;Season 6;There he is
lady walda;Season 6;Isn’t he wonderful?
ramsey;Season 6;May I hold him?
lady walda;Season 6;Of course
ramsay;Season 6;Little brother
lady walda;Season 6;Lord Bolton sent for us Have you seen him?
ramsay;Season 6;Of course Follow me, Mother
lady walda;Season 6;Where is Lord Bolton?
ramsay;Season 6;Down
lady walda;Season 6;It’s all right Come on, shh
lady walda;Season 6;It’s cold out here, Ramsay I need to feed him
lady walda;Season 6;Ramsay, where is your father? Ramsay? Where is Lord Bolton?
ramsay;Season 6;I am Lord Bolton
lady walda;Season 6;Ramsay Ramsay, please I’ll leave Winterfell I’ll go back to the Riverlands Please Ramsay He’s your brother
ramsey;Season 6;I prefer being an only child
brienne;Season 6;I saw her with a man I don’t think he hurt her She didn’t want to leave him, he didn’t want to leave her
sansa;Season 6;You don’t know which way she went?
brienne;Season 6;I spent three days looking for her She disappeared
sansa;Season 6;How did she look?
brienne;Season 6;She looked good She wasn’t exactly dressed like a lady
sansa;Season 6;No, she wouldn’t be
brienne;Season 6;What happened at Winterfell?
sansa;Season 6;I should’ve gone with you while I had the chance
brienne;Season 6;It was a difficult choice, my lady
brienne;Season 6;We’ve all had to make difficult choices
theon;Season 6;We shouldn’t be lighting fires It’s not safe He won’t stop hunting us
sansa;Season 6;We just have to make it to Castle Black Once we’re with Jon, Ramsay won’t be able to touch us
theon;Season 6;Jon will have me killed the moment I step through the gate
sansa;Season 6;I won’t let him I’ll tell him the truth about Bran and Rickon
theon;Season 6;And the truth about the farm boys I killed in their place? The truth about Ser Rodrik, who I beheaded?
theon;Season 6;And the truth about Rob, who I betrayed?
sansa;Season 6;When you take the black, all your crimes are forgiven
theon;Season 6;I don’t want to be forgiven I can never make amends to your family for all the things that I’ve done They’ll keep you safer than I ever could
sansa;Season 6;You’re not coming with us?
theon;Season 6;I would have taken you all the way to the Wall I would have died to get you there
theon;Season 6;May I take one of the horses?
sansa;Season 6;Where will you go?
theon;Season 6;Home
yara;Season 6;The Glovers have retaken Deepwood Motte
balon;Season 6;And the Ironborn who held it?
yara;Season 6;They died fighting to a man
balon;Season 6;What is dead may never die
yara;Season 6;What is dead may never die
yara;Season 6;But they did and our invasion died with them Deepwood Motte was our last stronghold on the mainland
balon;Season 6;They we will take more
yara;Season 6;Why? For more pinecones and rocks?
balon;Season 6;Because I order it
yara;Season 6;We can defeat anyone at sea, but we’ll never hold lands and castles against mainland armies
balon;Season 6;Not if our captains defy my orders, abandon their posts, and sacrifice our men on foolish mission
yara;Season 6;I won’t apologize for trying to rescue Theon
balon;Season 6;Then where is he?
yara;Season 6;Where is your kingdom? We took those castles because the northerners marched off to war That war is over The last time we provoked them too far, I watched from that window as they breached our walls and knocked down our towers I lost two brothers that day
balon;Season 6;And I lost three sons The War of the Five Kings, they call it Well, the other four are dead When you rule the Iron Islands, you can wage all the peace you wan But for now, shut your mouth and obey or I will make another heir who will
balon;Season 6;Let me pass You fool, move aside for your king
hooded figure;Season 6;Haven’t I always, brother?
balon;Season 6;I thought you’d be rotting under some foreign sea by now
euron;Season 6;What is dead may never die
euron;Season 6;Has the custom changed since I’ve been gone? Aren’t you supposed to repeat the words?
balon;Season 6;You can mock our god without my help
euron;Season 6;I don’t mock the Drowned God I am the Drowned God From Oldtown to Qarth, when men see my sails, they pray
euron;Season 6;You’re old, brother Youve had your time Now let another rule
balon;Season 6;I heard you lost your mind during the storm on the Jade Sea They tied you to the mast to keep you from jumping overboard
euron;Season 6;They did
balon;Season 6;And when the storm passed, you cut out their tongues
euron;Season 6;I needed silence
balon;Season 6;What kind of an Ironborn loses his senses during a storm?
euron;Season 6;I am the storm, brother The first storm and the last And you’re in my way
aeron;Season 6;Lord, take your servant Balon back beneath the waves Feed the creatures of your kingdom on his flesh Pull his bones down to your depths to rest beside his ancestors and his children
all;Season 6;What is dead may never die
yara;Season 6;I’m going to find out who did this I’m going to feed them to the sharks while they live I swear it by the Salt Throne
aeron;Season 6;The Salt Throne is not yours to swear upon, not unless the kingsmoot chooses you
yara;Season 6;My father would’ve wanted me to rule
aeron;Season 6;Your father does not get to choose The law is clear Perhaps youll win Perhaps you’ll be the first woman in history to rule the Ironborn And perhaps not
melisandre;Season 6;Come in
davos;Season 6;Im sorry, my lady I didn’t mean to interrupt
melisandre;Season 6;You interrupt nothing
davos;Season 6;I assume you know why I’m here
melisandre;Season 6;I will after you tell me
davos;Season 6;It’s about the Lord Commander
melisandre;Season 6;The former Lord Commander
davos;Season 6;Does he have to be?
melisandre;Season 6;What are you asking?
davos;Season 6;Do you know of any magic that could help him? Bring him back?
melisandre;Season 6;If you want to help him, leave him be
davos;Season 6;Can it be done?
melisandre;Season 6;There are some with his power
davos;Season 6;How?
melisandre;Season 6;I don’t know
davos;Season 6;Have you seen it done?
melisandre;Season 6;I met a man who came back from the dead, but the priest who did it It shouldn’t have been possible
davos;Season 6;But it was It could be now
melisandre;Season 6;Not for me
davos;Season 6;Not for you? I saw you drink poison that should’ve killed you I saw you give birth to a demon made of shadows
melisandre;Season 6;Everything I believed, the great victory I saw in the flames, all of it was a lie
melisandre;Season 6;You were right all along The Lord never spoke to me
davos;Season 6;Fuck him, then Fuck all of them I’m not a devout man, obviously Seven Gods, drowned gods, tree gods, its all the same
davos;Season 6;I’m not asking the Lord of Light for help.I’m asking the woman who showed me that miracles exist
melisandre;Season 6;I never had this gift
davos;Season 6;Have you ever tried?
davos;Season 6;Easy, easy Easy
davos;Season 6;What do you remember?
jon;Season 6;They stabbed me Olly he put a knife in my heart I shouldn’t be here
davos;Season 6;The lady brought you back
melisandre;Season 6;Afterwards, after they stabbed you, after you died, where did you go? What did you see?
jon;Season 6;Nothing There was nothing at all
melisandre;Season 6;The Lord let you come back for a reason Stannis was not the prince who was promised, but someone has to be
davos;Season 6;Could you give us a moment?
davos;Season 6;You were dead And now you’re not That’s completely fucking mad, seems to me I can only imagine how it seems to you
jon;Season 6;I did what I thought was right And I got murdered for it And now I’m back Why?
davos;Season 6;I don’t know Maybe we’ll never know What does it matter? You go on You fight for as long as you can You clean up as much of the shit as you can
jon;Season 6;I don’t know how to do that I thought I did, but I failed
davos;Season 6;Good Now go fail again
tormund;Season 6;They think you’re some kind of god The man who returned from the dead
jon;Season 6;I’m not a god
tormund;Season 6;I know that
tormund;Season 6;I saw your pecker What kind of god would have a pecker that small?
dolorous edd;Season 6;Your eyes are still brown Is that still you in there?
jon;Season 6;I think so Hold off on burning my body for now
dolorous edd;Season 6;That’s funny You sure that’s still you in there?
gilly;Season 6;You all right?
sam;Season 6;Yes Yes, I’m fine
gilly;Season 6;Did I ever tell you I used to think the sea was called the see because it was nothing but water as far as the eye could see?
sam;Season 6;I don’t think so
gilly;Season 6;Sea, see They’re spelled different, but they sound the same
sam;Season 6;Yeah, they do
gilly;Season 6;It was before I learned how to read, obviously
gilly;Season 6;Sam, are you going to be sick?
gilly;Season 6;Won’t be long We’ll be in the south soon I’m excited to see Oldtown Captain says it’s the most beautiful city in Westeros Are you going to vomit again?
sam;Season 6;No No, no, no The Citadel doesn’t admit women There won’t be a place for you there or for Little Sam
gilly;Season 6;I stayed at Castle Black There’s no women allowed there
sam;Season 6;The Citadel isn’t Castle Black I don’t have a Jon Snow or a Maester Aemon to help me bend the rules
gilly;Season 6;I’ll stay in Oldtown, then
sam;Season 6;By yourself? With a baby and no money?
gilly;Season 6;So if we’re not going to Oldtown, where are you taking me?
sam;Season 6;To my home Horn Hill My father’s well, my father, but my mother’s a kind woman and my sister’s lovely They’ll take care of you both
gilly;Season 6;Wherever you go, I go, too.” That’s what you said
sam;Season 6;I said that because I want you and Little Same to be safe That’s all I want to become a maester so I can help Jon when the time comes so you
ll be safe gilly;Season 6;Us and everyone else in the world
sam;Season 6;I don’t care about them Well, no, I do, but I don’t really I care about you and him
gilly;Season 6;I know that, Sam And he does, too Youre the only one who ever has
gilly;Season 6;If you think it’s for the best, we trust you
sam;Season 6;I’d feel better if you threw something at me and stormed off
gilly;Season 6;I’d never do that to the father of my son
bran;Season 6;That’s my father THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;The man beside him is Howland Reed, Meera’s father
bran;Season 6;Ser Arthur Dayne THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;The Sword of the Morning
bran;Season 6;Father said he was the best swordsman he ever saw
arthur;Season 6;Lord Stark
ned;Season 6;I looked for you on the Trident
arthur;Season 6;We weren’t there
kingsguard;Season 6;Your friend the usurper would lie beneath the ground if we had been
ned;Season 6;The Mad King is dead Rhaegar lies beneath the ground Why weren’t you there to protect your prince?
arthur;Season 6;Our prince wanted us here
ned;Season 6;Where’s my sister?
arthur;Season 6;I wish you good fortune in the wars to come
arthur;Season 6;And now it begins
ned;Season 6;No Now it ends
bran;Season 6;He’s better than my father THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;Far better
bran;Season 6;But Father beat him THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;Did he?
bran;Season 6;I know he did Heard the story a thousand times
bran;Season 6;He stabbed him in the back
bran;Season 6;What’s in the tower? THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;That’s enough for one day We’ll visit again another time
bran;Season 6;I want to see where he’s going THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;Time to go
bran;Season 6;Father
bran;Season 6;Why did you do that? Take me back there I want to go back THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;No
bran;Season 6;He heard me THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;Maybe Maybe he heard the wind
bran;Season 6;He heard me THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;The past is already written The ink is dry
bran;Season 6;What’s in that tower? I want to go back there THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;I’ve told you many times, stay too long where you don’t belong and you will never return
bran;Season 6;Why do I want to return? So I can be a cripple again? So I can talk to an old man in a tree? THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;You think I wanted to sit here for 1,000 years watching the world from a distance as the roots grew through me?
bran;Season 6;So why did you? THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;I was waiting for you
bran;Season 6;I don’t want to be you THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;I don’t blame you You won’t be here forever You won’t be an old man in a tree But before you leave, you must learn
bran;Season 6;Learn what? THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;Everything
bloodrider;Season 6;Hey, Great Khaleesi Move your ass
khal moro;Season 6;Welcome home, Khaleesi
dothraki woman;Season 6;Go
daenerys;Season 6;What are you doing?! Take your hands off me! I will have your heads
daenerys;Season 6;You have made a mistake One you will regret I am the wife of the Great Khal
dothraki matron;Season 6;We know who you are I remember you eating the stallion’s heart Why didn’t you come to us after Khal Drogo died?
daenerys;Season 6;Because I am Daenerys Stormborn, the Breaker of Chains, the Queen of Meereen and the Mother of Dragons My place is not here with you
dothraki matron;Season 6;You were the wife of the Great Khal You thought he would conquer the world with you at his side He didn’t I was the wife of the Great Khal Khal Savo I thought he would conquer the world with me at his side You’re young We were all young once But we all understand the way things are You will learn as well, if you are fortunate enough to stay with us
daenerys;Season 6;Where else would I go? Every khaleesi becomes Dosh Khaleen
dothraki matron;Season 6;Yes Immediately after the death of their khal But you went out into the world That is forbidden All the khalasars have returned for the Khalar Vezhven They will decide which cities will be sacked and which tribes will be enslaved And now they must decide what to do with Khal Drogo’s silver-haired widow With luck, your place will be here with us, Mother of Dragons It is the best you can hope for, now
varys;Season 6;I don’t know how you stand it in all that leather
varys;Season 6;If we could have the room
varys;Season 6;You look lovely today, my dear You really do How you climbed all those steps without breaking a sweat
woman;Season 6;If you’re going to torture me, just call them back and get on with it
varys;Season 6;I am not a torturer
varys;Season 6;Though it so often is what people deserve
varys;Season 6;And it does provide answers But they’re usually the wrong answers My job is to find the right answers Do you know how I do that? I do it by making people happy I’d like to make you happy, Vala That’s your name, isn’t it, Vala?
varys;Season 6;That’s all right I know who you are and what you’ve done You’ve done a lot You’ve sacrificed your body for a cause, which is more than most people do And you’ve helped the Sons of the Harpy murder the Unsullied and the Second Sons
vala;Season 6;The Unsullied and the Second Songs are foreign soldiers brought here by a foreign queen to destroy our city and our history
varys;Season 6;I understand Well, that makes perfect sense from your perspective I have a different perspective, of course I think it’s important that you try to see things from my perspective just as I will try to see them from yours Because that is the only way that I can make you and Dom happy That is how you pronounce it Dom? I’m afraid I don’t really speak the language Such a handsome boy Those big, brown eyes Good luck keeping the ladies away
vala;Season 6;Yes, you’re a true liberator, aren’t you? You won’t torture me, you’ll just threaten my son
varys;Season 6;Children are blameless I have never hurt them Your boy is in no immediate danger, this I swear to you But between us, dear, you did conspire to kill the queen’s soldiers We both know the penalty for that crime How will poor Dom get on without his mother? And with his breathing problem
vala;Season 6;If I tell you anything, they’ll kill me So either you kill me or they do
varys;Season 6;Yes, from your perspective, this is a problem There is a third option, though A ship leaving tomorrow for Pentos I’ve already booked passage for a woman and her young son I’ll even throw in a bag of silver to help you start again
varys;Season 6;Though I’m afraid we’ll have to ask one of our leather-clad friends back in to carry it Far too heavy for me The boat sails at dawn You need to decide now A new life for you and Dom or
tyrion;Season 6;What should we do while we wait? To pass the time, what should we do? What should we talk about?
tyrion;Season 6;You speak 19 languages You must occasionally use some of them to talk about things
tyrion;Season 6;You two, you spend a great deal of time together What would you be talking about if I weren’t here?
grey worm;Season 6;Patrol When I am going on patrol with the Unsullied What we see on patrol Who we captured on patrol
tyrion;Season 6;That’s good That’s very good
tyrion;Season 6;But that’s a report I was thinking more of a conversation A wise man once said the truth history of the world is the history of great conversation in elegant rooms
missandei;Season 6;Who said this?
tyrion;Season 6;Me Just now All right, no conversations Let’s play a game
tyrion;Season 6;You don’t play games, either one of you, ever?
grey worm;Season 6;Games are for children
missandei;Season 6;My master Kraznys would sometimes make us play games
tyrion;Season 6;There, that’s a start
missandei;Season 6;Only the girls
tyrion;Season 6;Oh no, no, no Not that, of course not that Innocent games, fun games, drinking games
missandei;Season 6;We do not drink
tyrion;Season 6;Until you do
tyrion;Season 6;Alright No drinking We can play without drinking It’s a wonderful game I invented it Here’s how it works I make a statement about your past If I’m wrong, I drink And if I’m right Maybe we can’t play without drinking
tyrion;Season 6;Oh, you took your time
varys;Season 6;Sorry I was busy learning who funds the Sons of the Harpy Some things you can’t rush
missandei;Season 6;You found out?
varys;Season 6;The good masters of Astapor And the wise masters of Yunkai With help from their friends in Volantis
tyrion;Season 6;You see? You don’t even have to worry about the local rebellion We only have to worry about the three rich foreign cities paying for it
grey worm;Season 6;We conquered Asatapor and Yunkai once We will do it again and execute the Masters
tyrion;Season 6;If the Unsullied march off to reconquer Asatapor and Yunkai, who remain to defend the free people of Meereen?
grey worm;Season 6;If we do not fight them, how can we stop them?
missandei;Season 6;We cannot The Masters only speak one language They spoke it to me for many years I know it better than my mother tongue If we want them to hear us, we must speak it back to them May it be the last thing they ever hear
tyrion;Season 6;You may be right
grey worm;Season 6;So we will fight them?
tyrion;Season 6;Possibly
missandei;Season 6;Possibly?
tyrion;Season 6;It’s a conversation
tyrion;Season 6;Tell me, can the little birds get a message to the good Masters of Astapor, the wise Masters of Yunkai, the benevolent enslavers of Volantis?
varys;Season 6;Of course Man can be fickle, but birds always trust
qyburn;Season 6;Your eye looks much better, Arthur How’s your mother’s jaw?
arthur;Season 6;Better
qyburn;Season 6;And your father?
arthur;Season 6;No one’s seen him
qyburn;Season 6;And no one will That worked out rather nicely
little bird;Season 6;Will Lord Varys ever come back?
qyburn;Season 6;I don’t think so Do you miss him?
little bird;Season 6;He was nice
arthur;Season 6;He called us his little birds He gave us sweets
qyburn;Season 6;It’s funny you should mention that Guess what I happened to find today Candied plums from Dorne
qyburn;Season 6;Now remember, if any of your friends like sweets or need help, they can always come to me All I need in return are whispers
qyburn;Season 6;No need to be afraid This is Ser Gregor He’s friends with all my friends
qyburn;Season 6;Run along now
cersei;Season 6;Varyss little birds?
qyburn;Season 6;Your little birds now, your Grace
jaime;Season 6;What did you do to him exactly? I havent been able to get a clear answer
qyburn;Season 6;Oh, a number of things
jaime;Season 6;Does he understand what we’re saying? I mean, to the extent that he ever understood complete sentences in the first place
qyburns;Season 6;He understands well enough
jaime;Season 6;So tell him to march into the sept and crush the High Sparrow’s head like a melon
cersei;Season 6;The High Sparrow has hundreds of Faith Militant surrounding him Ser Gregor will can’t face them all And he won’t have to He’ll only have to face one
jaime;Season 6;Has the Faith leveled official charges yet?
cersei;Season 6;Not yet
jaime;Season 6;That is one trial by combat I look forward to watching
cersei;Season 6;Don’t stop at the city I want little birds in Dorne, in Highgarden, in the North If someone is planning on making our losses their gains I want to hear it If someone is laughing at the queen who walk naked through the streets covered in shit, I want to hear I want to know who they are I want to where they are
maester pycelle;Season 6;As bad as Lord Varys was Varys was, Qyburn is worse I told them all I told them He’s arrogant, dangerous You don’t get thrown out of the Citadel without good reason And no one listened to my advice, so here we are
maester pycelle;Season 6;And what hes done to Gregor Clegane is an abomination We never sanctioned this, this experiment And I for one think it would be in our best interest to have the beast dest -
kevan;Season 6;Can I help you?
cersei;Season 6;Why are you here?
mace;Season 6;My mother.
lady olenna;Season 6;I was invited, my dear, o help deal with several troublesome issues, such as the queen’s imprisonment
cersei;Season 6;Thank you for bringing it up It’s well past time we addressed the abuses I endured
lady olenna;Season 6;Margaery is the queen You are not the queen because you’re not married to the king I do appreciate these things can get a bit confusing in your family
kevan;Season 6;This is a Small Council meeting You have no position on the Small Council
jaime;Season 6;I’m Lord Commander of the Kingsguard The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard does have a position on the Small Council
cersei;Season 6;Grand Maester Pycelle, would you sanction that statement?
maester pycelle;Season 6;Well, um I would say Ser Gerold Hightower had a seat on the Mad King’s council Of course, that was the Mad King King Robert saw things differently
cersei;Season 6;What about Myrcella’s death, Uncle? Do you consider the murder of your own blood a troublesome issue?
jaime;Season 6;The same women who murdered Myrcella have overthrown House Martell and taken control of Dorne Weve got a lot to discuss All of us together
cersei;Season 6;And seeing as you cannot make us leave, we best get on with it
kevan;Season 6;No, we cannot make you leave And you cannot make us stay Not unless youre gonna have that thing murder us all
high sparrow;Season 6;Oh, your Grace
tommen;Season 6;My mother would like to see her daughter’s final resting place
high sparrow;Season 6;Oh, Im, sorry, your Grace That’s not possible Not yet
tommen;Season 6;When will it be possible?
high sparrow;Season 6;When shes fully atoned for her sins
tommen;Season 6;You’ve cut off her hair and marched her naked through the streets in front of the whole city That wasn’t a full atonement?
high sparrow;Season 6;No She must stand trial before seven septons, so we can learn the true extant of her sins
tommen;Season 6;I want you to let her see Myrcella’s resting place
tommen;Season 6;I am the king
high sparrow;Season 6;You are
tommen;Season 6;And what does that mean to you?
high sparrow;Season 6;It means a great deal to me The crown and the faith are the twin pillars of the world Do you know who told me that? Your mother
tommen;Season 6;My mother who is unclean? My mother who still needs to atone after all you’ve put her through?
high sparrow;Season 6;How do you think the Mother Above first came to us? How did men and women first come to feel the Mother’s presence? It was through their own mothers There is a great deal of falsehood in Cersei, you know that But when she speaks of you, the Mother’s love outshines it all Her love for you is more real than anything else in this world Because it doesn’t come from this world But you know that You’ve felt it You’ve seen her when she talks to you
tommen;Season 6;Yes
high sparrow;Season 6;It’s a great gift One I never had Envy One more thing for me to atone for
high sparrow;Season 6;You Grace, may I? Do you mind? Its my knees
tommen;Season 6;Of course
high sparrow;Season 6;When your mother made her walk of atonement, she did it to get back to you
tommen;Season 6;I still don’t understand why you want to put her through any more than shes already endured
high sparrow;Season 6;It’s not what I want It’s what the gods want They make their will known to us and it’s up to us to either accept or reject it
high sparrow;Season 6;Please
high sparrow;Season 6;If we’re to be just and good, then we accept it, all of us, even kings A true leader avails himself of the wisest council he can And no one is wiser than the gods
tommen;Season 6;My grandfather once said something similar Except for the part about the gods
high sparrow;Season 6;The gods worked through him whether he knew it or not As they work through your mother There’s so much good in all of us The best we can do is to help each other bring it out
waif;Season 6;Who are you?
arya;Season 6;No one
waif;Season 6;Who were you before you came here?
arya;Season 6;Arya Stark
waif;Season 6;Tell me about Arya Stark’s family
arya;Season 6;Her father was Eddard Stark Her mother was Catelyn Stark She had one sister, Sansa, and four brothers
arya;Season 6;Three brothers
arya;Season 6;Rob, Bran, Rickon And a half-brother, Jon
waif;Season 6;And where are they now?
arya;Season 6;They may be dead for all a girl knows
waif;Season 6;Tell me about The Hound
arya;Season 6;Also dead
arya;Season 6;Arya Stark left him to die He was on her list
arya;Season 6;He was not on her list anymore She’d taken him off it
waif;Season 6;Why? Didn’t she want him dead any longer?
arya;Season 6;She did and she did not
waif;Season 6;She sounds confused
arya;Season 6;Yes, she was
waif;Season 6;Who else was on Arya Stark’s funny little list?
arya;Season 6;Cersei Lannister, Gregor Clegane, Walder Frey
waif;Season 6;That’s a short list That can’t be everyone you want to kill
waif;Season 6;Are you sure you’re not forgetting someone?
arya;Season 6;Which name would you like a girl to speak?
jaqen;Season 6;If a girl tells me her name, I will give her eyes back
arya;Season 6;A girl has no name
jaqen;Season 6;Come
jaqen;Season 6;If a girl is truly no one, she has nothing to fear
jaqen;Season 6;Who are you?
arya;Season 6;No one
ramsay;Season 6;The Umbers are a famously loyal house
lord kar;Season 6;Famously loyal to the Starks
smalljon;Season 6;And you, Lord Karstark? Your people share blood with the Starks, don’t they? But here we are Times change
ramsay;Season 6;When my father became Warden of the North, your house refused to pledge their banners
smalljon;Season 6;Your father was a cunt
ramsay;Season 6;My beloved father, the Warden -
smalljon;Season 6;Your father was a cunt and that’s why you killed him I might’ve done the same to my father, if he hadn’t have done me the favor of dying on his own
ramsay;Season 6;My father was poisoned by our enemies
smalljon;Season 6;Mmm
ramsay;Season 6;Why have you come to Winterfell, Lord Umber?
smalljon;Season 6;The bastard Jon Snow led an army of wildlings past the Wall We’re farther north than any of you fuckers Wildlings come down, we always have to fight them first I like fighting wildlings, been doing it all my life But there are too many of them for us to beat back alone
ramsay;Season 6;So now you’ve come seeking help?
smalljon;Season 6;We need to help each other The colder it gets, the farther South those goat fuckers will roam Wont take them long to get here
lord kar;Season 6;You think a horde of wildlings can take Winterfell?
smalljon;Season 6;If they get Jon Snow leading them, maybe He knows this place better than we ever will
ramsay;Season 6;Pledge your banners to House Bolton Swear loyalty to me as Warden of the North and we will fight together to destroy the bastard and all his wildling friends
smalljon;Season 6;I’m not kissing your fucking hand
ramsay;Season 6;Traditionally a bannerman kneels before his lord
smalljon;Season 6;I’m not doing that either
ramsay;Season 6;Why would I trust a man who won’t honor tradition?
smalljon;Season 6;Your father honored tradition Knelt for Robb Stark Called him King of the North Was Robb Stark right to trust your father?
ramsay;Season 6;Then it appears were at a bit of an impasse
smalljon;Season 6;Fuck kneeling and fuck oaths Ive got a gift for you
ramsay;Season 6;A girl, I hope I prefer redheads
smalljon;Season 6;A girl, aye A wild one
ramsay;Season 6;I like them wild
smalljon;Season 6;And the boy, nice and young The way Karstark likes them
ramsay;Season 6;Who’s this?
smalljon;Season 6;Rickon Stark
ramsay;Season 6;How do I know that’s Rickon Stark?
ramsay;Season 6;Welcome home, Lord Stark
dolorous edd;Season 6;It’s time
jon;Season 6;If you have any last words, now is the time
bowen marsh;Season 6;You shouldn’t be alive It’s not right
jon;Season 6;Neither was killing me
othell yarwick;Season 6;My mothers still living at White Harbor Could you write her? Tell her I died fighting the wildings
alliser throne;Season 6;I had a choice, Lord Commander Betray you or betray the Night’s Watch You brought an army of wildlings into our lands An army of muderers and raiders If I had to do it all over knowing where I’d end up, I pray I’d make the right choice again
jon;Season 6;I’m sure you would, Ser Alliser
alliser throne;Season 6;I fought, I lost Now I rest But you, Lord Snow, you’ll be fighting their battles forever
dolorous edd;Season 6;We should burn the bodies
jon;Season 6;You should
dolorous edd;Season 6;What do you want me to do with this?
jon;Season 6;Wear it Burn it Whatever you want You have Castle Black
dolorous edd;Season 6;Where you gonna go?
jon;Season 6;South
dolorous edd;Season 6;What are you gonna do?
jon;Season 6;Get warm
dolorous edd;Season 6;I was with you at Hardhome We saw what’s out there We know it’s coming here How can you leave us now?
jon;Season 6;I did everything I could You know that
dolorous edd;Season 6;You swore a vow
jon;Season 6;Aye, I pledged my life to the Night’s Watch I gave my life
dolorous edd;Season 6;For all nights to come
jon;Season 6;They killed me, Edd! My own brothers You want me to stay here after that?
man;Season 6;Riders approaching!
man;Season 6;Open the gate
sansa;Season 6;This is good soup Do you remember those kidney pies Old Nan used to make?
jon;Season 6;With the peas and onions?
sansa;Season 6;Mmm
jon;Season 6;We never should have left Winterfell
sansa;Season 6;Don’t you wish we could go back to the day we left? I want to scream at myself, Don’t go, you idiot
jon;Season 6;How could we know?
sansa;Season 6;I spent a lot of time thinking about what as ass I was to you I wish I could change everything
jon;Season 6;We were children
sansa;Season 6;I was awful, just admit it
jon;Season 6;You were occasionally awful I’m sure I can’t have been great fun Always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played
sansa;Season 6;Can you forgive me?
jon;Season 6;There’s nothing to forgive
sansa;Season 6;Forgive me
jon;Season 6;All right All right, I forgive you
jon;Season 6;You’d think after thousands of years, the Night’s Watch would have learned how to make a good ale
sansa;Season 6;Where will you go?
jon;Season 6;Where will we go? If I don’t watch over you, Father’s ghost will come back and murder me
sansa;Season 6;Where will we go?
jon;Season 6;I can’t stay here, not after what happened
sansa;Season 6;There’s only one place we can go Home
jon;Season 6;Should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave?
sansa;Season 6;We’ll take it back from them
jon;Season 6;I don’t have an army
sansa;Season 6;How many wildlings did you save?
jon;Season 6;They didn’t come here to serve me
sansa;Season 6;They owe you their lives
sansa;Season 6;You think they’ll be safe here if Roose Bolton remains Warden of the North?
jon;Season 6;Sansa
sansa;Season 6;Winterfell is our home It’s ours and Arya’s and Bran’s and Rickon’s Wherever they are, it belongs to our family We have to fight for it
jon;Season 6;I’m tired of fighting
jon;Season 6;It’s all I’ve done since I left home I’ve killed brothers of the Night’s Watch I’ve killed wildlings I’ve killed men that I admire I hanged a boy younger than Bran I fought and I lost
sansa;Season 6;If we don’t take back the North, we’ll never be safe I want you to help me But I’ll do it myself if I have to
davos;Season 6;My lady
melisandre;Season 6;Ser Davos
davos;Season 6;Will you stay here at Castle Black?
melisandre;Season 6;I will do as Jon Snow commands
davos;Season 6;You serve Jon Snow now?
melisandre;Season 6;He’s the prince that was promised
davos;Season 6;Forgive me, my lady, I thought that was Stannis
davos;Season 6;What happened down there?
melisandre;Season 6;There was a battle Stannis was defeated
davos;Season 6;And Shireen? What happened to the princess?
brienne;Season 6;I saw what happened I saw Stannis’ forces defeated in the field
davos;Season 6;My lady, I’m Ser Davos Seaworth
brienne;Season 6;We’ve met before I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon Before Renly was assassinated with bloodmagic
davos;Season 6;That’s in the past now
brienne;Season 6;Yes, it’s in the past It doesn’t mean I forget Or forgive He admitted it, you know
davos;Season 6;Who did?
brienne;Season 6;Stannis Just before I executed him
littlefinger;Season 6;The Defender of the Vale
robin;Season 6;Uncle Petyr
littlefinger;Season 6;My lord Come and see
littlefinger;Season 6;I missed your name day Go on
robin;Season 6;A falcon
littlefinger;Season 6;A gyrfalcon The greatest and rarest of birds
yohn royce;Season 6;Last time I saw you, Baelish, you told me you were taking Sansa Stark home with you to the Fingers
littlefinger;Season 6;Indeed I was
yohn royce;Season 6;And yet not long ago, we received reports that she has been married to Ramsay Bolton in Winterfell
littlefinger;Season 6;On our way to the Fingers, we were set upon by a large force of Bolton men Seemed to know exactly when we were traveling and exactly whom we were transporting
yohn royce;Season 6;Do you take me for a fool?
littlefinger;Season 6;Tell me, Lord Royce, how many people knew of my travel plans with Sansa Stark? I shared my intentions with you and no one else
yohn royce;Season 6;Slander a man in his own home, you might find yourself crossing swords with him
littlefinger;Season 6;Your home is the Vale The Lord of the Vale stands before us And only his judgment concerns me
robin;Season 6;Shall we throw him through the Moon Door?
yohn royce;Season 6;My lord My lord, I have always been faithful to House Arryn To your father, to your mother, and now to you
robin;Season 6;Do you believe him, Uncle Petyr?
littlefinger;Season 6;"Lord Royce has served the Vale well He;s enjoyed a distinguished military career If we could trust his absolute loyalty, he would make a capable commander in the wars to come"
yohn royce;Season 6;You can trust my absolute loyalty, my lord
littlefinger;Season 6;I think he deserves one more chance What do you say?
robin;Season 6;Fine
littlefinger;Season 6;I bring good news My friends in the North tell me Sansa has escaped Winterfell I expect she’s headed to Castle Black where her brother serves as Lord Commander But she won’t be safe there, not with the Boltons after her
robin;Season 6;She’s my cousin We should help her
littlefinger;Season 6;That was my instinct as well
littlefinger;Season 6;Our lord has spoken Gather the Knights of the Vale The time has come to join the fray
grey worm;Season 6;You invite the enemy into our city?
tyrion;Season 6;I did As a clever man once told me, We make peace with our enemies, not our friends
grey worm;Season 6;I don’t make peace with the queen’s enemies I kill the queen’s enemies
tyrion;Season 6;Yes, that’s the military approach And how has that worked here in Meereen? I represent the diplomatic approach
missandei;Season 6;Our queen tried to make peace with the Masters and they tried to murder her TYRION We enter these negotiations with open eyes Trust me My own recent experience with slavery has taught me the horrors of that institution
missandei;Season 6;How many days were you a slave?
tyrion;Season 6;Long enough to know
missandei;Season 6;Not long enough to understand
yezzan;Season 6;I bought this dwarf for a single gold honor And somehow you’ve risen to the top of the Great Pyramid of Meereen It’s most impressive
tyrion;Season 6;And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor.Here’s to reversals of fortune
razdal;Season 6;We came here to meet the queen and instead we’re greeted by a dwarf and a eunuch
tyrion;Season 6;Let’s make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want
belicho;Season 6;We want you to leave Slaver’s Bay Take your dragons and your mercenaries and go
tyrion;Season 6;Queen Daenerys won’t stay in Meereen forever Her path takes her westward
razdal;Season 6;When we last met, I offered her ships so she could return to Westeros where she belongs She refused them
missandei;Season 6;She refused them because hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children still lived in chains
razdal;Season 6;As they have since the dawn of time
grey worm;Season 6;Not anymore
yezzan;Season 6;You think you’re a free man now? You still follow orders Just because your master has silver hair and tits doesn’t mean she’s not a master
tyrion;Season 6;Friends, friends, friends, please
tyrion;Season 6;There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing That is the way of the world I’m not here to change the way of the world
yezzan;Season 6;Slavery is the way of our world
tyrion;Season 6;You don’t need slaves to make money There haven’t been slaves in Westeros for hundreds of years and I grew up richer than any of you But our queen recognizes that she erred by abolishing slavery without providing a new system to replace it So here is the queen’s proposal Slavery will never return to Meereen but she will give the other cities of Slaver’s Bay time to adjust to the new order
yezzan;Season 6;What does that mean?
tyrion;Season 6;Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice
tyrion;Season 6;Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices In exchange, you will cut off your support for the Sons of the Harpy
yezzan;Season 6;We do not support the Sons of the Harpy
tyrion;Season 6;Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same I do hope you accept, my friends You will not receive a better offer
tyrion;Season 6;Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it And as a parting gift to our honored guests
tyrion;Season 6;Give freedom a chance See if it doesn’t taste every bit as good as what came before
tyrion;Season 6;My friends! Large sorry you wait so fat time
missandei;Season 6;Perhaps I should translate for you
man;Season 6;We speak the Common Tongue
tyrion;Season 6;Excellent
man;Season 6;You met with the slavers today
tyrion;Season 6;I did
man;Season 6;Our brothers and sister died fighting these scum Now you invite them to our city and drink wine with them
tyrion;Season 6;I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled
tyrion;Season 6;But I am not your ruler I’m not the Breaker of Chains I’m not the Unburnt And I am certainly not the Mother of Dragons
man;Season 6;You are a stranger here So why do you represent Meereen in these talks with our enemies?
tyrion;Season 6;Because our queen chose me as her advisor Until she returns from her travels -
man;Season 6;When does she return?
tyrion;Season 6;Soon You have my word
man;Season 6;We don’t know you We don’t trust you We know Torgo Nudho We fight with him against the Masters We trust him
tyrion;Season 6;And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations As commander of the Unsullied, he knows hot to defeat the slavers and he knows when it is time to make peace
man;Season 6;You have made peace with the slavers?
tyrion;Season 6;We offered terms
man;Season 6;And you, Grey Worm? You want to drink wine with these men? The men who tore us from our mothers’ arms and sold us at auction like cattle?
grey worm;Season 6;I am a soldier, not a politician But if there is a chance for peace a just peace we should take it
man;Season 6;Missandei, you know what these men are How can you trust them?
missandei;Season 6;I do not trust them I will never trust them
missandei;Season 6;But as a wise man once said, We make peace with our enemies, not our friends
grey worm;Season 6;Do not use me for your lies
tyrion;Season 6;Those men respect you
grey worm;Season 6;They respect me because they know who I am They know I am loyal
tyrion;Season 6;As do I
grey worm;Season 6;I am loyal to my queen, not you If you betray her work, you are my enemy
tyrion;Season 6;I am not betraying her work I am trying to save her city
missandei;Season 6;You promised the slavers they could keep slavery
tyrion;Season 6;For a short time
missandei;Season 6;Seven years is not a short time for a slave
tyrion;Season 6;You’re right Slavery is a horror that should be ended at once War is a horror that should be ended at once I can’t do both today
grey worm;Season 6;You are wrong to trust these men
tyrion;Season 6;I don’t trust the Masters I trust their self-interest They’re trustworthy if they’re convinced that working with me is in their self-interest
grey worm;Season 6;You don’t know them You don’t understand them We are not human in their eyes They look at me and see a weapon They look at her and see a whore
tyrion;Season 6;They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast Their contempt is their weakness They’ll underestimate us every time and we will use that to our advantage
grey worm;Season 6;You will not use them They will use you That is what they do
daario;Season 6;You all right? Why don’t you sit and catch your breath?
jorah;Season 6;I’m fine
daario;Season 6;I don’t think you could ride the dragon 20 years ago, maybe
jorah;Season 6;What?
daario;Season 6;Our queen She’s wild, you know Don’t let her size fool you It’s hard enough for me and I’m a young man You, I don’t think your heart could take it
daario;Season 6;Must make you angry that our queen chose me
jorah;Season 6;Makes me sad You’ll disappoint her before long She’ll move on
daario;Season 6;We’ll all disappoint her before long
jorah;Season 6;We need each other right now After we’re done needing each other -
daario;Season 6;Oh, I don’t want to fight you, Jorah the Andal What do I have to gain? If I win, I’m the shit who killed an old man If I lose, I’m the shit who was killed by an old man
jorah;Season 6;You didn’t get much discipline as a child, did you?
daario;Season 6;None
jorah;Season 6;The road running through the Horse Gate, they call that the godsway
jorah;Season 6;Eastern Market, Western Market When Khal Drogo died, she was supposed to come here and join the Dosh Khaleen, the widows of the dead khals That’s where they would have taken her, the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen
daario;Season 6;What are you doing?
jorah;Season 6;It’s forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city
daario;Season 6;Isn’t it forbidden to sneak into their city and steal their khaleesi?
jorah;Season 6;If they spot us and we’re unarmed, we’ll say we’re traders heading for the Western Market But if they see weapons
daario;Season 6;You’re asking a dog to hand over his teeth
jorah;Season 6;There’s 100,000 of them down there We can’t fight our way out We wait till dark, and then we’ll find her
darrio;Season 6;Uh
daario;Season 6;I’m very attached to this knife
jorah;Season 6;Don’t worry it didn’t touch you
daario;Season 6;You know what happens?
jorah;Season 6;I know what happens
daario;Season 6;I’ll do it myself
daario;Season 6;I should have been born a Dothraki
jorah;Season 6;Come on
jorah;Season 6;My friends We wandered off from the Western Market and got lost Could you show us the way back?
dothraki;Season 6;What do you sell?
jorah;Season 6;Wine Come down to my stall tomorrow, I’ll give you a cask of the Arbor’s finest
dothraki;Season 6;You’re not merchants
dothraki;Season 6;Get the others
daario;Season 6;Told you, I’m very attached to this knife
daario;Season 6;You all right?
jorah;Season 6;If they find a body with a stab wound, the whole city will be looking for us
daario;Season 6;Huh
leader;Season 6;Some of them don’t think Dothraki should breed with foreigners They are stupid old women They don’t realize that we have always diluted our blood This one is Lhazareen Her Khal found her hiding in a well after he burned her village How old were you?
lhazareen woman;Season 6;Twelve
leader;Season 6;A year later, she bore her Khal a daughter How did he show his happiness?
lhazareen woman;Season 6;He broke my ribs
leader;Season 6;We are not queens here, but the khals depend on us for our wisdom Our lives have meaning
daenerys;Season 6;That is more than most have
leader;Season 6;When the khals meet for the Khalar Vezhven tomorrow night, I hope they let you live out your days with us The other possibilities are not so pleasant
daenerys;Season 6;I need to make water
leader;Season 6;You can’t run from Dothraki You know this
daenerys;Season 6;I will never run from Dothraki
leader;Season 6;Go, show her
daenerys;Season 6;I needed fresh air The old women stink
lhazareen woman;Season 6;They do stink
daenerys;Season 6;You must have been very young when your Khal died
lhazareen woman;Season 6;Sixteen
daenerys;Season 6;Too bad he didn’t die sooner
lhazareen woman;Season 6;Yes, too bad
lhazareen woman;Season 6;Is it true you have three dragons?
daenerys;Season 6;Mm-hmm
lhazareen woman;Season 6;And they breathe fire?
daenerys;Season 6;They do Would you like to see them one day?
lhazareen woman;Season 6;I am Dosh Khaleen I can never leave Vaes Dothrak, until I rise as smoke from the pyre on the day I die
daenerys;Season 6;No, don’t hurt her
daario;Season 6;She’ll give us away
jorah;Season 6;We have to go now
daenerys;Season 6;We will never get out of Vaes Dothrak alive
jorah;Season 6;All we can do is try
daenerys;Season 6;No We can do more than that And you’re going to help me
daenerys;Season 6;And you Have faith in me, Khaleesi Do not betray me
high sparrow;Season 6;If I were to let you leave right now, where would you go? What would you seek out?
margaery;Season 6;I’d go to my brother, my husband, my family
high sparrow;Season 6;Of course, but for you, that means seeking out money, finery, power Seeking out your family means seeking out sin I’m not maligning you I sought those things out, too To the exclusion of all else My father was a cobbler He died with I was young and I took over his shop He was a simple man and he made simple shoes But I found that the more work I put into my shoes, the more people wanted them Fine leather, ornamentation, detailing, and time Time most of all Dozens of hours spent on a single pair
margaery;Season 6;Quality takes time
high sparrow;Season 6;Yes I imagine you’ve worn a year of someone’s life on your back The highborn liked to cover their feet with my time and they paid well for the privilege I used their money to buy a taste of their lives for myself Each time I indulged, I felt myself ascending to something better
margaery;Season 6;And one day you walked through a graveyard and realized it was all for nothing and set out on the path to righteousness Book of the Stranger, verse 25
high sparrow;Season 6;You know
margaery;Season 6;Septa Unella reads it to me At me
high sparrow;Season 6;Yes, yes, she does enjoy reading at people You’re close But it wasn’t a graveyard It was a feast I bought old fine wine and young pretty girls and invited my friends to come share it all We passed around the wine, passed around the women, and soon we fell into a stupor I woke before dawn I could barely stand Everyone else was asleep on the couches or on the floor, lying in heaps next to their fine clothes The truth of their bodies laid bare I could smell them beneath the incense and the perfume and the fine food that had already started to turn And I saw it with perfect clarity I saw what my sins were The gold I had, the wine I drank, the women I used, my ceaseless struggle to maintain my position It was all part of a story A story I was telling myself about who I was A collection of lies that would disappear in the light The people I was trying to climb away from, the beggars in the street, the poor, they were closer to the truth than I ever was
margaery;Season 6;So what did you do?
high sparrow;Season 6;I left to go and find them I didn’t even put on my shoes I walked out the door and never went back
high sparrow;Season 6;Come, let’s go and see him
margaery;Season 6;Who?
high sparrow;Season 6;Your brother
margaery;Season 6;Loras Loras
margaery;Season 6;Listen to me You need to stay strong
loras;Season 6;I can’t stay strong I never was strong
margaery;Season 6;You are strong You are the future of our house, the future of our family
loras;Season 6;I don’t care about that
margaery;Season 6;Shh Have you have you told them that? That you don’t care?
loras;Season 6;I just want it to stop Help me
margaery;Season 6;They want me to help you They want me told help tear you down That’s why he’s letting me see you, I know it is And if either of us give in to what they want, then they win
loras;Season 6;Let them win Just make it stop Please
margaery;Season 6;All right
maester pycelle;Season 6;And now, how to avert disaster with our current predicament This High Sparrow I have dealt with fanatics of every description, Your Grace Not setting them off, that’s the most important thing You are beset with enemies both within and without
cersei;Season 6;What are you doing here?
maester pycelle;Season 6;I am advising the king on our current predicament
cersei;Season 6;Leave
maester pycell;Season 6;I am a member of the Small Council The king’s small -
cersei;Season 6;Is this a Small Council meeting?
maester pycell;Season 6;Obviously not I’m here to lend my wisdom and my support
tommen;Season 6;Thank you for your counsel, Grand Maester That will be all for now
maester pycell;Season 6;Your Grace
cersei;Season 6;Since I’ve missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things
tommen;Season 6;I’ve been thinking about the High Sparrow
cersei;Season 6;As have we all, unfortunately
tommen;Season 6;We need to be careful in dealing with such a man To prevent things from escalating any further We have to be careful not to antagonize him He has Margaery We can’t put her at risk He’s dangerous
cersei;Season 6;Look at me What did they do to me? To the king’s own mother?
cersei;Season 6;It’s all right Its done It’s in the past And of course Margaery’s safety is paramount
tommen;Season 6;You don’t like Margaery, do you?
cersei;Season 6;Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant Margaery is the queen Queens must command respect Kings even more so Not just for their own sake, but for everyone’s The High Sparrow has no respect for kings or queens No respect for anything in this world He has no use for the things of this world He want to knock them down and replace them with what? With fantasies With beggars in the street With nothing
tommen;Season 6;Mother there’s something I want to tell you Something the High Sparrow told me
cersei;Season 6;You’ve spoken with him?
tommen;Season 6;I promised him I wouldn’t tell anyone If he found out I told -
cersei;Season 6;It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth I am your mother You can always trust me
cersei;Season 6;The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the king’s orders
lady olenna;Season 6;I would have thought we were perfectly clear the first time You’re not welcome
cersei;Season 6;You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with one’s rivals
lady olenna;Season 6;My dear, you have been stripped of your dignity and authority, publicly shamed, and confined to the Red Keep What’s left to work with?
jaime;Season 6;Cersei is the mother of the king She has the king’s ear and his trust And the king has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras
cersei;Season 6;The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well wed bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back Here we are Well done to us Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands In a few days, he’ll have a trial for me But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city
lady olenna;Season 6;Oh, no That cannot happen That will not happen
cersei;Season 6;I agree
jaime;Season 6;You’ve got the second largest army in Westeros Youll bring them into the city, stop queen Margaery’s humiliation before it starts, and take her back into Crown custody
kevan;Season 6;The king has ordered me to take no action against the High Sparrow or the Faith Militant out of fear for the queen’s safety
jaime;Season 6;You’ll take no action at all When the Tyrell armies come, you will stand down Are you expressly forbidden from standing down?
kevan;Season 6;No, but if the king should call on me -
jaime;Season 6;The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do anything When the High Sparrow is in custody or dead, preferably, and Margaerys back at Tommen’s side, do you think the king will be angry at the outcome?
cersei;Season 6;You hate these fanatics as much as we do You hate what they’ve done to your son Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?
kevan;Season 6;Of course I want him back
cersei;Season 6;Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed
kevan;Season 6;If it doesn’t go as planned, the Sparrows have many friends in the city We’ll have civil war Many will die
lady olenna;Season 6;Many will die no matter what we do Better them than us
yara;Season 6;They told me you were home and I didn’t believe it Theon Greyjoy?” I said He’s dead He’s been dead a long time He let you go?
theon;Season 6;I escaped
yara;Season 6;I can’t hear you
theon;Season 6;I escaped
yara;Season 6;Look at me Look at me! Men died trying to rescue you Good men My men
theon;Season 6;I’m sorry
yara;Season 6;You were my brother You’re a spoiled little cunt, but you were my brother and I risked everything for you and you betrayed me
theon;Season 6;I know I know and I’m sorry
yara;Season 6;Stop saying that
theon;Season 6;He broke me He broke me into a thousand pieces
yara;Season 6;I know
theon;Season 6;You don’t know
yara;Season 6;He send us one of those pieces That’s why I came for you
yara;Season 6;Why did you come here?
theon;Season 6;Where else could I go?
yara;Season 6;You heard father was dead and thought you’d claim the crown?
theon;Season 6;No, no I only heard he died after we docked
yara;Season 6;You happen to show up on Pyke right before the Kingsmoot?
theon;Season 6;I didn’t know
yara;Season 6;You think any Ironborn wants you to be king? After what you’ve done?
theon;Season 6;I don’t want to be king
yara;Season 6;What do you want?
theon;Season 6;I should’ve listened to you You’re the only one -
yara;Season 6;That doesn’t matter anymore Stop crying Look at me Tell me what you want
theon;Season 6;You should rule the Iron Islands Let me help you
ramsay;Season 6;Theyve cleaned you up nicely You know who I am?
osha;Season 6;A lord?
ramsay;Season 6;Yes A lord You’ve seen my banners?
osha;Season 6;The flayed man
ramsay;Season 6;Does that worry you at all?
osha;Season 6;You eat them after?
ramsay;Season 6;No
osha;Season 6;Then I’ve seen worse
ramsay;Season 6;You served the Starks?
osha;Season 6;Aye They put me in chains and put a sword at my throat, so I’ve served them
ramsay;Season 6;The Starks have been gone for a long time, but you kept protecting Rickon
osha;Season 6;Hed fetch a good price to the right buyer I served his family a long time Didn’t get no wages Way I see it, I’m owed
ramsay;Season 6;Be that as it may, Rickons not yours to sell anymore He’s mine So what use could I possibly have for you?
osha;Season 6;I can give you what you want
ramsay;Season 6;Are you sure you know what that is?
osha;Season 6;Same thing men always want And when they really want it, they give it a bath first
ramsay;Season 6;You’re a good talker
ramsay;Season 6;I like that
ramsay;Season 6;You’re a much better talker than Theon Greyjoy
osha;Season 6;That so?
ramsay;Season 6;I had to work hard to get him talking But he talked They all do
ramsay;Season 6;He told me everything All about the Stark boys Who helped them escape, and how she did it
man;Season 6;Open the gate
dolorous edd;Season 6;Sorry about the food It’s not what we’re known for
sansa;Season 6;That’s all right There are more important things
man;Season 6;A letter for you, Lord Commander
jon;Season 6;I’m not Lord Commander anymore
jon;Season 6;To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow You allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall You have betrayed your own kind You have betrayed the North Winterfell is mine, bastard Come and see Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon
jon;Season 6;His direwolfs skin is on my floor Come and see I want my bride back Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers Keep her from me and I will ride north and slaughter every wildling man, woman, and babe living under your protection You will watch as I skin them living You -
sansa;Season 6;Go on
jon;Season 6;Its just more of the same
sansa;Season 6;You will watch as my soldiers take turns raping your sister You will watch as my dogs your wild little brother Then I will spoon your eyes from their sockets and let my dogs do the rest Come and see Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North
jon;Season 6;Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North
sansa;Season 6;His fathers dead Ramsay killed him And now he has Rickon
jon;Season 6;We don’t know that
sansa;Season 6;Yes, we do
tormund;Season 6;How many men does he have in his army?
sansa;Season 6;I heard him say 5,000 once when he was talking about Stannis’s attack
jon;Season 6;How many do you have?
tormund;Season 6;That can march and fight? 2,000 The rest are children and old people
sansa;Season 6;Youre the son of the last true Warden of the North Northern families are loyal They’ll fight for you if you ask
sansa;Season 6;A monster has taken our home and our brother We have to go back to Winterfell and save them both
khal moro;Season 6;It is forbidden to spill blood in the sacred city It is forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city
khal;Season 6;So we don’t spill blood
khal moro;Season 6;Well there’s always a little blood
khal;Season 6;Someone crushed his head with a rock
khal moro;Season 6;Aggo belonged to my khalaser He served me well He got his head smashed in by a rock Fuck Aggo
khal moro;Season 6;Bring in Drogo’s widow
khal;Season 6;Who cares about her? She’s a midget
khal;Season 6;I like her
khal;Season 6;She’s paler than milk
khal;Season 6;I’d like to know what a khaleesi tastes like
khal;Season 6;Good You can suck my dick
khal moro;Season 6;She belongs with the Dosh Khaleen
khal;Season 6;The Wise Masters of Yunkai want her They’re offering ten thousand horses In exchange Whats worth more, one pink little girl or ten thousand horses?
khal moro;Season 6;Fuck the Wise Masters in their perfumed asses I’ll take their horses for myself
daenerys;Season 6;Don’t you want to know what I think?
khal moro;Season 6;You’d rather be sold to slavery? Or maybe you’d like to show Rhalko here what you taste like?
daenerys;Season 6;No I don’t want either of those things
khal moro;Season 6;We don’t care what you want This is the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen You have no voice here, unless you are Dosh Khaleen Which you are not, until we decide you are
daenerys;Season 6;I know where I am I have been here before This is where the Dosh Khaleen pronounced my child the Stallion Who Mounts the World
khal moro;Season 6;And what happened? You trusted a sorceress, like a fool Your baby is dead because of you And so is Khal Drogo
daenerys;Season 6;This is where Drogo promised to take his khalasar west to where the world ends To ride wooden horses across the Black Salt Sea as no khal has done before He promised to kill the men in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses He swore to me before the Mother of Mountains
khal moro;Season 6;And you were dumb enough to believe him?
daenerys;Season 6;And here, now, what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages you’ll raid, how many girls you’ll get to fuck, how many horses you’ll demand in tribute You are small men None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki But I am So I will
khal moro;Season 6;All right No Dosh Khaleen for you Instead we’ll take turns fucking you And then we’ll let our bloodriders fuck you
khal moro;Season 6;And If there’s anything left of you, we’ll give our horses a turn You crazy cunt Did you really think we would serve you?
sansa;Season 6;Yes?
man;Season 6;For you, my lady
sansa;Season 6;How far is Mole’s Town?
littlefinger;Season 6;Sansa Lady Brienne When I heard you had escaped WInterfell, I feared the worst You have no idea how happy I am to see you unharmed
sansa;Season 6;Unharmed? What are you doing here?
littlefinger;Season 6;I rode north with the Knights of the Vale to come to your aid They’re encamped at Moat Cailin as we speak
sansa;Season 6;To come to my aid? Did you know about Ramsay? If you didn’t know, you’re an idiot If you did know, you’re my enemy
sansa;Season 6;Would you like to hear about our wedding night? He never hurt my face He needed my face, the face of Ned Stark’s daughter But the rest of me, he did what he liked with the rest of me as long as I could still give him an heir What do you think he did?
littlefinger;Season 6;I can’t begin to contemplate -
sansa;Season 6;What do you think he did to me?
brienne;Season 6;Lady Sansa asked you a question
littlefinger;Season 6;He beat you
sansa;Season 6;Yes, he enjoyed that What else do you think he did?
littlefinger;Season 6;Sansa, I -
sansa;Season 6;What else?
littlefinger;Season 6;Did he cut you?
sansa;Season 6;Maybe you did know about Ramsay all along
littlefinger;Season 6;I didn’t know
sansa;Season 6;I thought you knew everyone’s secrets
littlefinger;Season 6;I made a mistake, a horrible mistake I underestimated a stranger
sansa;Season 6;The other things he did, ladies aren’t supposed to talk about those things, but I imagine brothel keepers talk about them all the time I can still feel it I don’t mean in my tender heart it still pains me so I can still feel what he did in my body standing here right now
littlefinger;Season 6;I’m so sorry
sansa;Season 6;You said you would protect me
littlefinger;Season 6;And I will You must believe me when I tell you that I will
sansa;Season 6;I don’t believe you anymore I don’t need you anymore You can’t protect me You won’t even be able to protect yourself if I tell Brienne to cut you down And why shouldn’t I?
littlefinger;Season 6;Do you want me to beg for my life? If that’s what you want, I will Whatever you ask that is in my power, I will do
sansa;Season 6;What if I want you to die here and now?
littlefinger;Season 6;Then I will die
sansa;Season 6;You freed me from the monsters who murdered my family and you gave me to other monsters who murdered my family Go back to Moat Cailin My brother and I will take back the North on our own I never want to see you again
littlefinger;Season 6;I would do anything to undo what’s been done to you I know that I can’t Will you allow me to say one more thing before I go? Your great-uncle Brynden the Blackfish has gathered what remains of the Tully forces and retaken Riverrun You might consider seeking him out The time may come when you need an army loyal to you
sansa;Season 6;I have an army
littlefinger;Season 6;Your brother’s army
littlefinger;Season 6;Half-brother
waif;Season 6;You’re not ready You should go home before it’s too late
waif;Season 6;You’ll never be one of us, Lady Stark
jaqen;Season 6;She has a point
jaqen;Season 6;None of the first Faceless Men were born to lords and ladies They began as slaves in the mines of Valyria
arya;Season 6;Who was the first?
jaqen;Season 6;He was no one The Many-Faced God taught him how to shed his face and how to give the gift The man taught others in exchange for their service Many served, many more gifts were given Soon all the masters and overseers were gone and the Faceless Men fled
arya;Season 6;Where did they go?
jaqen;Season 6;Here They founded the Free City of Braavos and built this house These were the faces they wore in life when they were not wearing others The first Faceless Men And now a girl is one of them, if a girl desires
arya;Season 6;A girl has no desires
arya;Season 6;Who?
jaqen;Season 6;An actress who calls herself Lady Crane She performs at the theater in Sheelba Square A girl has been given a second chance There will not be a third One way or another, a face will be added to the hall
izembaro;Season 6;Ahh
izembaro;Season 6;Oh, murdered by a boar The great big hairy whore He dug in his tusks and dug out my guts and soon I am no more
clarenzo;Season 6;Oh, come, Father, in bed you must lie I love you, Father Please don’t die
izembaro;Season 6;Shut up, you swine! Cersei, more wine
ladyc rane;Season 6;I feel the winds of winter as they lick across the land And our son alone on that cold, cold throne without a guiding hand Who will teach him strength? Who will teach him grace? To whom will he turn when it’s time to learn to look darkness in the face?
izembaro;Season 6;Ned stark will do fine Now bring me more wine
camello;Season 6;Ooh! Ooh, what’s happened here, then?
bobono;Season 6;He brought you here, Ned Stark, cause you’re the brightest fellow in the land You should be king of us all and I should be your Hand
camello;Season 6;We men of the North are right good hands at keeping people lawful
camello;Season 6;I’d ask him for permission, but he smells too bloody awful
izembaro;Season 6;I die! I die! And here I now must lie Oh, woe Oh, no Oh, I am about to go
lady crane;Season 6;Will you stay on as Joffrey’s Hand?
camello;Season 6;The Iron Throne’s what I demand
lady crane;Season 6;You cannot
camello;Season 6;I can
lady crane;Season 6;You will not
camello;Season 6;I will
lady crane;Season 6;You dare not
camello;Season 6;I dare yes
lady crane;Season 6;The line of succession
camello;Season 6;What’s that mean?
lady crane;Season 6;The proper progression
camello;Season 6;What’s that mean?
lady crane;Season 6;The lawful ascension
camello;Season 6;What’s that mean?
camello;Season 6;So move along, give me my chair and there won’t be no more trouble
camello;Season 6;But we had a deal all done and dusted
camello;Season 6;I’m starting to think you can’t be trusted
bianca;Season 6;Save my father
lady crane;Season 6;Truly you should Killing the man will do you no good
bianca;Season 6;Save him, please
lady crane;Season 6;Show him mercy Show the people what a good king should be
clarenzo;Season 6;Good people, you may all relax My father’s friend shall be spared the
bianca;Season 6;Father! No! Oh, father
bobono;Season 6;Worry not! All is well I have here a decree from my father Tywin Lannister, the richest man you’ll see He proclaims me Hand of the King The position’s mine for life And he’s give me permission to take Sansa as my wife
bobono;Season 6;You’ll learn that what I lack in height I make up for in appetite
bobono;Season 6;So let’s forget about your plight, and go rehearse our wedding night
clarenzo;Season 6;It’s a wart Two warts I’ve got two fucking warts on my cock
camello;Season 6;Well, don’t worry, love They usually go away in five or six years
camello;Season 6;Oh, wash this, darling It stinks of me
izembaro;Season 6;You can do better, Bianca, dear You must do
bianca;Season 6;I had two lines
izembaro;Season 6;There are no small parts You rang very false
bianca;Season 6;I rang very false?
bobono;Season 6;What you need, love, is for someone to ring you true
bianca;Season 6;You weren’t complaining about me last night
bobono;Season 6;May I get you some wine, Lady Crane?
lady crane;Season 6;I’m a rum girl, Bobono You need to know that if we’re going to be intimate
bobono;Season 6;Of course we’re going to be intimate
lady crane;Season 6;It’s only a matter of time
lady crane;Season 6;To our children
bobono;Season 6;May they have your talent
lady crane;Season 6;And your filthy mind
arya;Season 6;A girl will poison the rum Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it
arya;Season 6;If a girl could use one of the faces from the hall
jaqen;Season 6;A girl is not ready
arya;Season 6;She’s a good actress
jaqen;Season 6;So a man has heard
arya;Season 6;Seems like a decent woman
jaqen;Season 6;Does death only come for the wicked and leave the decent behind?
arya;Season 6;No Who wants her dead?
jaqen;Season 6;That does not matter The price was paid
arya;Season 6;The younger actress She’s jealous because Lady Crane is better
jaqen;Season 6;A girl must decide if she wants to serve the Many-Faced God
arya;Season 6;A girl has decided
jaqen;Season 6;A servant does not ask questions
man;Season 6;No! No! No
bran;Season 6;It was you You made the White Walkers
leaf;Season 6;We were at war We were being slaughtered Our sacred trees cut down We needed to defend ourselves
bran;Season 6;From whom?
leaf;Season 6;From you From men
aeron;Season 6;We speak in the presence of the Drowned God In his name we father today to choose a new king as our leader Who makes a claim?
yara;Season 6;I am Yara Greyjoy, daughter of Balon Greyjoy, King of the Iron Islands I claim the Salt Throne
man;Season 6;We’ve never had a queen Not once
yara;Season 6;There are many things we’ve never done We’ve never made our mark upon the world The great lords of Westeros pay us no mind until our little raids buzz through their kingdoms long enough to become a nuisance Then they swat us down They conquer us, humiliate us, and go right back to forgetting we exist
all;Season 6;Aye
yara;Season 6;We are a sea people
all;Season 6;Aye
yara;Season 6;Our god is a sea god
all;Season 6;Aye
yara;Season 6;When I am queen, we will build a fleet that
man;Season 6;You shall not be queen
yara;Season 6;I am not finished
man;Season 6;Yes, you are! A woman will not lead us Not when Balon’s own male heir has returned
theon;Season 6;I am Theon Greyjoy last living son of Balon Greyjoy
theon;Season 6;And she is your rightful ruler Those of you that have sailed under her, and there are many of you here, you know what she is
all;Season 6;Aye
theon;Season 6;She is a reaver
all;Season 6;Aye
theon;Season 6;She is a warrior
all;Season 6;Aye
theon;Season 6;She is ironborn
all;Season 6;Aye
theon;Season 6;We will find no better leader This is our queen
euron;Season 6;I’m Euron Greyjoy
euron;Season 6;I claim the Salt Throne
euron;Season 6;Niece
euron;Season 6;Nephew Little Theon
euron;Season 6;Heard you managed to fuck things right into the ground Captured a castle you couldn’t keep Got yourself taken prisoner Even heard you have no cock
euron;Season 6;Explains why you think a woman can be king
yara;Season 6;When did you return, Uncle?
euron;Season 6;A few days ago I had some things to take care of Long overdue
yara;Season 6;I’m glad you’re here Now I know what my first act as queen will be To execute the man who killed my father
euron;Season 6;I did I killed him Threw him right over a rope bridge and watched him fall He was leading us nowhere and we would still be heading there if it weren’t for me No one loved him No one wanted to follow him He led ius into two wars we couldn’t win I apologize to you all for not killing him years ago
theon;Season 6;That would have been hard to do You weren’t here Last I heard, you were gallivanting around the world having a grand old time
euron;Season 6;Gallivanting? That the sort of thing you start to say once your dick gets chopped off?
euron;Season 6;Did the great lord of Westeros teach you words like that?
theon;Season 6;You were gone Yara was here Being Ironborn Leading Ironborn Getting ready to bring us back to glory
euron;Season 6;And how will she do that?
yara;Season 6;I will build the largest fleet the world has ever seen
euron;Season 6;Right idea, except I’m the one who’s going to build the Iron Fleet because I’m the one who knows how to use it I’ve been all over the world I’ve seen more of it than all of you combined And across the sea there is a person who hates the great lords of Westeros just as much as we do Someone with a large army, three large dragons, and no husband I’m going to build that fleet and I’m going to gallivant right over and give it to Daenerys Targaryen along with my big cock
yara;Season 6;You’re going to seduce the Dragon Queen?
euron;Season 6;I’m not going to seduce her The Iron Fleet will seduce her And together we’re going to take the Seven Kingdoms I wasn’t born to be king I paid the iron price and here I stand
aeron;Season 6;May Euron, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were Bless him with salt Bless him with stone Bless him with steel
aerson;Season 6;Listen to the waves Listen to the god He is speaking to us and he says we shall have no king but Euron Greyjoy Let the sea wash your follies and your vanities away Let the old Euron drown Let his lungs fill with seawater
aeron;Season 6;Let the fish eat the scales off his eyes
aeron;Season 6;What is dead may never die, but rises again harder and stronger
aeron;Season 6;What is dead may never die
all;Season 6;What is dead may never die
euron;Season 6;Where are my niece and nephew? Let’s go murder them
aeron;Season 6;They stole our best ships
euron;Season 6;Won’t be enough to save them
euron;Season 6;Go back to your homes Chop down every tree you can find Quarter-saw the timber and start building I want every man bending planks I want every woman spinning flax for sails Build me a thousand ships and I will give you this world
daenerys;Season 6;I banished you twice You came back twice And you saved my life So I can’t take you back and I can’t send you away
jorah;Season 6;You must send me away
daenerys;Season 6;Is there a cure?
jorah;Season 6;I don’t know
daenerys;Season 6;How long does it take?
jorah;Season 6;I don’t know that either But I’ve seen what happens when it goes far enough I’ll end things before that
daenerys;Season 6;I’m sorry I’m so sorry
jorah;Season 6;Don’t be All I’ve ever wanted was to serve you Tyrion Lannister was right I love you I’ll always love you Goodbye, Khaleesi
daenerys;Season 6;Do not walk away from your queen, Jorah the Andal
daenerys;Season 6;You have not been dismissed You pledged yourself to me You swore to obey my commands for the rest of your life
daenerys;Season 6;Well, I command you to find the cure wherever it is in this world I command you to heal yourself and then return to me When I take the Seven Kingdoms, I need you by my side
varys;Season 6;In the last fortnight since our pact with the Masters, how many killings have been carried out by the Sons of the Harpy?
grey worm;Season 6;None
varys;Season 6;And how many Masters have been butchered by the free men
grey worm;Season 6;Two, but that was the day of the pact Since then, nothing
varys;Season 6;So it’s safe to say that a fragile peace has taken hold
grey worm;Season 6;For now
varys;Season 6;For now is the best we get in our profession
tyrion;Season 6;It’s not enough
varys;Season 6;Considering the city was on the brink of civil war, I’d say it’s a good start
tyrion;Season 6;It’s not enough for Meereen to have peace They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it The Sons of the Harpy have a good story Resist the foreign invaders Our queen has an even better story Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and all that
missandei;Season 6;The people know who brought them freedom
tyrion;Season 6;Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced
varys;Season 6;Sounds like quite the hero Where would we find him?
tyrion;Season 6;Who said anything about him”?
man;Season 6;You stand in the presence of Kinvara, High Priestess of the Red Temple of Volantis, the Flame of Truth, the Light of Wisdom, the First Servant of the Lord of Light
tyrion;Season 6;Welcome to Meereen
tyrion;Season 6;That’s about the extent of my Valyrian
tyrion;Season 6;Thank you for travelling all this way I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be
tyrion;Season 6;The truth is we need your help We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to -
kinvara;Season 6;You don’t need to persuade me I came to help
kinvara;Season 6;Daenerys Stormborn is the one who was promised From the fire she was reborn to remake the world
tyrion;Season 6;Yes
kinvara;Season 6;She has freed the slaves from their chains and crucified the Masters for their sins
tyrion;Season 6;She did indeed
kinvara;Season 6;Her dragons are fire made flesh, a gift from the Lord of Light But you heard all this before, haven’t you? On the Long Bridge of Volantis The dragons will purify nonbelievers by the thousands, burning their sins and flesh away
tyrion;Season 6;Ideally we’d avoid purifying too many nonbelievers The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths
kinvara;Season 6;You want your queen to be worshipped and obeyed And while she’s gone, you want her advisors to be worshipped and obeyed
tyrion;Season 6;I’d settle for obeyed
kinvara;Season 6;I will summon my most eloquent priests They will spread the word Daenerys has been sent to lead the people against the darkness in this war and in the great war still to come
tyrion;Season 6;That sounds most excellent -
varys;Season 6;A man named Stannis Baratheon was anointed as the chosen one by one of your priestesses He, too, had a glorious destiny He attacked King’s Landing and was soundly defeated by the man standing beside me Last I had heard, he’d been defeated again, this time at Winterfell and this time for good
tyrion;Season 6;We’d be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen
varys;Season 6;I suppose it’s hard for a fanatic to admit a mistake Isn’t that the whole point of being a fanatic? You’re always right Everything is the Lord’s will
kinvara;Season 6;Everything is the Lord’s will But men and women make mistakes Even honest servants of the Lord
varys;Season 6;And you, an honest servant of the lord, why should I trust you to know any more than the priestess who counseled Stannis?
tyrion;Season 6;My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen
kinvara;Season 6;Everyone is what they are and where they are for a reason Terrible things happen for a reason Take what happened to you, Lord Varys, when you were a child If not for your mutilation at the hand of a second-rate sorcerer, you wouldn’t be here helping the Lord’s Chosen bring his light into the world Knowledge has made you powerful But there’s still so much you don’t know Do you remember what you heard that night when the sorcerer tossed your parts in the fire? You heard a voice call out from the flames Do you remember? Should I tell you what the voice said?
kinvara;Season 6;Should I tell you the name of the one who spoke?
kinvara;Season 6;We serve the same queen If you are her true friend, you have nothing to fear from me
bran;Season 6;What?
bran;Season 6;He saw me, the Night King! He saw me! THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;He touched you
bran;Season 6;I don’t know He was close, but THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;He touched you THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;He knows you are here He’ll come for you
bran;Season 6;But he can’t get in THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;He can now His mark is on you You must leave, all of you
meera;Season 6;Come on, Hodor Help me with the sledge
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
bran;Season 6;I’m sorry I didn’t mean to THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;The time has come
bran;Season 6;The time for what? THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;For you to become me
bran;Season 6;But am I ready? THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;No
jon;Season 6;We can’t defend the north from the Walkers and the south from the Boltons If we want to survive, we need Winterfell, and to take Winterfell, we need more men
davos;Season 6;Aside from the Starks and the Boltons, the most powerful houses in the North are the Umbers, the Karstarks, and the Manderlys
davos;Season 6;The Umbers and the Karstarks have already declared for the Boltons, so we’re not doing so well there
sansa;Season 6;The Umbers gave Rickon to our enemies They can hang But the Karstarks declared for Ramsay without knowing they had another choice
davos;Season 6;I beg your pardon, my lady, but they know that a Stark beheaded their father I don’t think we can count on them either
sansa;Season 6;How well do you know the North, Ser Davos?
davos;Season 6;Precious little, my lady
sansa;Season 6;My father always said Northerners are different More loyal, more suspicious of outsiders
davos;Season 6;They may well be loyal, but how many rose up against the Boltons when they betrayed your family? I may not know the North, but I know men They’re more or less the same in any corner of the world and even the bravest of them don’t want to see their wives and children skinned for a lost cause If Jon’s going to convince them to fight alongside him, they need to believe it’s a fight they can win
jon;Season 6;There are more than three other houses in the North Glover, Mormont, Cerwyn, Mazin, Hornwood Two dozen more Together they equal all the others We can start small and build
sansa;Season 6;The North remembers They remember the Stark name People will still risk everything for it, from White Harbor to Ramsay’s own door
davos;Season 6;I don’t doubt it But Jon doesn’t have the Stark name
sansa;Season 6;No, but I do
sansa;Season 6;Jon is every bit as much Ned Stark’s son as Ramsay is Roose Bolton’s Ant there are also the Tullys They’re not Northern, but they will back us against the Boltons without question
davos;Season 6;I didn’t know the Tullys still had an army
sansa;Season 6;My uncle the Blackfish has reformed it and retaken Riverrun
jon;Season 6;How do you know that?
sansa;Season 6;Ramsay received a raven before I escaped Winterfell
davos;Season 6;That’s good The Blackfish is a legend His support would mean a great deal Stark, Tully, a few more houses, almost starts to look like a winning side
brienne;Season 6;I’ve sworn to protect you, my lady
sansa;Season 6;You heard them We need more men and my uncle has an army
brienne;Season 6;We can send the Blackfish a raven
sansa;Season 6;Can’t risk Ramsay intercepting it It has to be you
sansa;Season 6;Ride for Riverrun My uncle will talk to you and you’ll know how to talk to him
sansa;Season 6;What is it?
brienne;Season 6;I don’t like leaving you here alone
sansa;Season 6;With Jon?
brienne;Season 6;Not him He seems trustworthy A bit brooding, perhaps I suppose that’s understandable, considering The others, though Davos and the Red Woman helped a man murder his own brother with blood magic And when Stannis paid for his crime, where were they? Already out looking for a leader with better prospects And that wildling fellow with the beard -
sansa;Season 6;Jon isn’t Tormund Jon isn’t Davos, the Red Woman, or Stannis for that matter Jon is Jon He’s my brother He’ll keep me safe I trust him
brienne;Season 6;Then why did you lie to him when he asked you how you learned about Riverrun?
jon;Season 6;New dress?
sansa;Season 6;I made it myself Do you like it?
jon;Season 6;Year, it’s I like the wolf bit
sansa;Season 6;Good, because I made this for you
sansa;Season 6;I made it like the one Father used to wear As near as I can remember
jon;Season 6;Thank you, Sansa
sansa;Season 6;You’re welcome
jon;Season 6;Don’t knock it down while I’m gone
dolorous edd;Season 6;I’ll do my best
dolorous edd;Season 6;Good luck
man;Season 6;Should we close the gate, Lord Commander?
dolorous edd;Season 6;I’m not the Lord Comman -
dolorous edd;Season 6;Yeah, ahem, close the bloody gate
meera;Season 6;We can go home now, Hodor Well, maybe not home home, but somewhere that isn’t a cave
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
meera;Season 6;Eat something that isn’t moss I want an egg How do you like em? Boiled? Fried up with some butter?
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
meera;Season 6;With a rasher of bacon and some blood sausage
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
leaf;Season 6;Get Bran and run
meera;Season 6;Bran Bran, wake up Bran
hodor;Season 6;Hodor Hodor
meera;Season 6;Bran, wake up
meera;Season 6;Hodor
hodor;Season 6;Hodor Hodor
meera;Season 6;Help me
rickard;Season 6;Remember that you are a Stark Comport yourself with dignity at the Vale and try to stay out of fights
young ned;Season 6;Yes, Father
rickard;Season 6;But if you have to fight, win
meera;Season 6;Bran! Bran, wake up
meera;Season 6;Bran! Bran! Bran, wake up
hodor;Season 6;Hodor Hodor
meera;Season 6;You have to wake up We need Hodor
hodor;Season 6;Hodor Hodor
hodor;Season 6;Hodor
meera;Season 6;Bran, we’re all going to die
meera;Season 6;Bran, wake up! We’re all going to die! Bran! Bran
meera;Season 6;Bran, you have to wake up! We need Hodor
hodor;Season 6;Hodor Hodor
meera;Season 6;Warg into Hodor now
meera;Season 6;Bran, wake up We need Hodor We need Hodor Warg into Hodor now! Now! THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;Listen to your friend, Brandon
hodor;Season 6;Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor
meera;Season 6;Summer
leaf;Season 6;Go Go! THREE
eyed raven;Season 6;The time has come Leave me
meera;Season 6;What are you doing?
leaf;Season 6;Go
meera;Season 6;Hodor, hurry
meera;Season 6;Hold the door
meera;Season 6;Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door
meera;Season 6;Hold the door
meera;Season 6;Hold the door
nan;Season 6;Wylis! What’s the matter?
meera;Season 6;Hold the door
young hodor;Season 6;Hold the door
young hodor;Season 6;Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door
young hodor;Season 6;Hold the door Hold the door Hold the door Hold the door Hold the door Hold the door Hold the door Hold the door Hold door Hold door Hold door Hold door Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor
bran;Season 6;Meera They found us
meera;Season 6;I’m so sorry
rider;Season 6;Come with me, now
rider;Season 6;The dead don’t rest
gilly;Season 6;It’s so green
sam;Season 6;Oh, yes Once you get south of the Riverlands, very different sorts of trees start to take over Maple, elm, beech, poplar The odd willow And of course now that summer’s over, you’ll start seeing the autumn colors coming in Still, you’ll find more green here than anywhere else
gilly;Season 6;You’re nervous You’re a nervous talker
gilly;Season 6;That’s not any better being a nervous mute
sam;Season 6;I didn’t think I’d ever come back here after my father made me renounce my title and inheritance and, well, threaten to kill me if I didn’t A person just doesn’t feel welcome at that point
sam;Season 6;And I certainly didn’t expect to be introducing him to my family So you know what to tell them
gilly;Season 6;That Little Sam is your baby
sam;Season 6;Yes, now that’s very important If he thinks that Little Sam is his grandchild, he’ll take you in He’ll get an education He’ll learn to read And you can help teach him Huh?
gilly;Season 6;What did you tell your family about me?
sam;Season 6;I told them I met you in the North
gilly;Season 6;Did you tell them how far north?
sam;Season 6;Well, it wasn’t a very large piece of parchment
gilly;Season 6;You didn’t tell them where I’m really from? You didn’t tell them I’m a wildling?
sam;Season 6;The thing is my father doesn’t like wildlings He hoped I’d make a man of myself by killing some bloody wildlings,” so it’s probably a good subject to avoid if at all possible
gilly;Season 6;I think we’re here
melessa;Season 6;Sam Oh, Sam
sam;Season 6;Oh, hello, Mother
melessa;Season 6;I never thought I’d see you again You look wonderful
sam;Season 6;Oh
sam;Season 6;Talla? Gods, you’re a woman now
talla;Season 6;Father says I have to marry Symun Fossoway He has yellow teeth-
melessa;Season 6;That’s enough, Talla
sam;Season 6;Oh, um, Mother, this is Gilly
melessa;Season 6;Oh, my You are lovely
gilly;Season 6;I am happy to know you, Lady Tarly
sam;Season 6;Oh, and this, this is our son Samwell
melessa;Season 6;Hello, little one It’s me, your grandmother
melessa;Season 6;May I hold him?
gilly;Season 6;Yes, of course
melessa;Season 6;You have a curious mind, I can tell You’ll be a scholar like your father
sam;Season 6;Where is Father? And Dickon?
melessa;Season 6;They’re on a hunt They’ll join us for dinner Come inside Such a journey You must be exhausted
talla;Season 6;Come, you’ll be wanting a bath after all that travel Oh, and a dress for dinner You can wear one of mine What’s your color? Midnight blue or silver? Silver, maybe Come You can choose one of my bedrooms if you want
tommen;Season 6;Is there no other way?
high sparrow;Season 6;You’re afraid for her?
tommen;Season 6;Of course I’m afraid for her! It just seems very dangerous
high sparrow;Season 6;She’ll be protected the entire way The Faith Militant are very stern with those who overstep their bounds And Queen Margaery isn’t your mother I suspect the gods will predispose the common people to gentleness on her behalf She’s truly opened her heart to them
tommen;Season 6;She’s always been very devoted to the poor and the unfortunate
high sparrow;Season 6;And now she’s devoted to the gods as well Would you like to see her?
tommen;Season 6;Have they hurt you? Have they mistreated you?
margaery;Season 6;No, Your Grace
tommen;Season 6;I’ve missed you More than you could know
margaery;Season 6;We’ll be together again soon and everything will be better than it was before
tommen;Season 6;Better how? Soon the walk of atonement He says there’s no other way
margaery;Season 6;Have you spoken to him at all, the High Sparrow?
tommen;Season 6;Yes, a few times Have you?
margaery;Season 6;Yes, I have He’s not quite what we thought he was, is he?
margaery;Season 6;You think I’m mad I sound mad
tommen;Season 6;No No, you don’t You you could never You’re right, he’s not He’s a lot more-
margaery;Season 6;He is There’s something about him His way of looking at the world It’s not an easy thing admitting to yourself what you really are It’s taken me a while He’s helped me
tommen;Season 6;What are you talking about? You’re a good person You’ve always been a good person You’re the best person I know
tommen;Season 6;I was just telling him about your devotion to the poor
margaery;Season 6;Ah, yes, I visited their hovels and I fed them soup and I made sure I was seen doing it I never gave them what they really needed, though I’ve had lots of time to think about how good I was at seeming good All those stories I told myself about who I was and why I did the things I did There were so many lies in those stories
tommen;Season 6;I don’t understand
margaery;Season 6;It’s all right It really is It’s such a relief to let go of those lies
tommen;Season 6;What about Loras?
margaery;Season 6;I love my brother I will always love my brother His soul is pure and perfect His sins don’t erase that purity, they only obscure it He just needs to atone for them We all do Sooner or later, one way or another The gods have a plan for us all
gilly;Season 6;It’s hard to walk in this
sam;Season 6;It’s beautiful You’re beautiful
sam;Season 6;This venison, it’s very tasty Is it from today’s hunt?
dickon;Season 6;Well, no We haven’t been able to cure that one yet This is last week’s
sam;Season 6;Oh, of course Sorry Long journey
dickon;Season 6;Brought it down from 70 yards One shot
sam;Season 6;Oh, that’s a fair distance
dickon;Season 6;So do you do much hunting up at the wall?
sam;Season 6;Oh, yes Yes A good amount North of the Wall, you don’t hunt, you don’t eat
dickon;Season 6;Mm-hmmm Mostly deer or is it elk as well?
sam;Season 6;Rabbits Sometimes squirrels I say we,” it’s my friend Jon mostly Sometimes Edd Oh, and Gilly She’s she’s quite a good hunter as well Um, huntress
melessa;Season 6;I imagine it’s common where you’re from We once met a man, Lord Umber from Last Hearth, wasn’t it, Randyll, who said he taught all his daughters how to hunt
talla;Season 6;Your father taught you to hunt? Our father would never teach us I think our father could learn a thing or two from your father
randyll;Season 6;That’s enough of that
melessa;Season 6;Samwell, would you care for more bread?
sam;Season 6;Oh, yes Yes, please Thank you, Mother
randyll;Season 6;Not fat enough already?
sam;Season 6;I travelled south under orders from the Lord Commander He wants me to-
randyll;Season 6;I read your letter You’re to be a maester
sam;Season 6;Yes And once I have my chain, I’ll return to Castle Black
randyll;Season 6;I thought the Night’s Watch might make a man of you Something resembling a man at least You managed to stay soft and fat
randyll;Season 6;Your nose buried in books Spending your life reading about the achievements of better men I’ll wager you still can’t sit a horse or wield a sword
melessa;Season 6;Randyll, to be maester of the Night’s Watch is a great honor
gilly;Season 6;He can wield a sword He killed a Thenn He killed a White Walker
dickon;Season 6;There’s no such thing
gilly;Season 6;I saw it with my own eyes on our way down to Castle Black He drove a dagger into the walker’s heart He risked his own life to save mine more than once He’s a greater warrior than either of you will ever be
randyll;Season 6;Your way down to Castle Black? Where did he kill a white walker? Where are you from? How’d you come to meet my son?
gilly;Season 6;The Night’s Watch came to our keep
randyll;Season 6;Where?
sam;Season 6;Gilly
gilly;Season 6;North of the Wall
randyll;Season 6;North of the Wall? You’re a Wildling The Seven Kingdoms have waged war against these savages for centuries and here I sit hosting one in my hall thanks to my son See that sword?
randyll;Season 6;It’s called Heartsbane It’s been in our family for 500 years It’s Valyrian steel Only a handful of them left in the world It’s supposed to go to my firstborn son after I die To him He will never wield that sword If he were to become Lord Tarly of Horn Hill, it would be the end of this house I took you for a Mole’s Town whore when I saw you and I made my peace with that Who else would have him? But I overestimated him No It was a wildling whore that seduced my son This you getting back at me, boy? Hmm? Bring that to my table and making me dine with it And you got what you were after, didn’t you? A bastard A half-breed bastard Your invitation into our home
melessa;Season 6;Come, my dear Talla
melessa;Season 6;I’ve lost my appetite
randyll;Season 6;He dishonors us
melessa;Season 6;You dishonor yourself
randyll;Season 6;Your mother’s a fine woman You’re not worthy of her To please her, I’ll take the wildling in She can work in the kitchens The bastard will be raised here But this will be the last night you ever spend at Horn Hill
sam;Season 6;I’m sorry I let him treat you that way I was afraid he’d turn you and Little Sam away
gilly;Season 6;I’m not angry at you I’m angry that horrible people can treat good people that way and get away with it When do you have to go?
sam;Season 6;First light
sam;Season 6;Say good-bye to him for me
gilly;Season 6;You’re not what he thinks you are, Sam He doesn’t know what you are
sam;Season 6;Good-bye, Gilly
gilly;Season 6;Sam?
sam;Season 6;We’re leaving
gilly;Season 6;What?
sam;Season 6;Get your things
gilly;Season 6;I don’t have any things
gilly;Season 6;What are you doing?
sam;Season 6;We belong together All of us
gilly;Season 6;What about your mother and sister?
sam;Season 6;Oh, they’ll understand
gilly;Season 6;Your sister’s dress
sam;Season 6;She won’t mind Looks better on you anyway
gilly;Season 6;Sam That’s your father’s sword
sam;Season 6;It’s my family’s sword
gilly;Season 6;Sam Won’t he come for it?
sam;Season 6;He can bloody well try The Bloody Hand
clarenzo;Season 6;The lion and the rose are one I thank the gods above
clarenzo;Season 6;And to you, my beauteous bridge, I pledge undying love
all;Season 6;Hail King Joffrey Hail Queen Margaery
clarenzo;Season 6;I’ll drink a toast to my new queen, for there is no one fairer Dear Uncle, will you share my joy and be my royal cupbearer?
bobono;Season 6;Drink long and deep, my noble king, from this cup of sweet wine
bobono;Season 6;The last drink he shall ever take And vengeance shall be mine
clarenzo;Season 6;Poison! Murder! I gasp I I die
clarenzo;Season 6;I limp And it was he
clarenzo;Season 6;that poisoned me My evil Uncle Imp
lady crane;Season 6;My firstborn son My golden lion foully, falsely slain I pray you found a lasting peace free from strife and pain
lady crane;Season 6;Hear my prayer, O cruel gods Take my life instead For I cannot face another day when my sweet boy is dead Oh, woe Oh grief
lady crane;Season 6;Oh, darkest day, my heart is full of sorrow All hope is lost All joy is gone And there is no tomorrow
bobono;Season 6;What is that I hear and smell? Someone I’ll soon send to hell
bobono;Season 6;It’s time to see if truth they told who said Tywin Lannister shits gold
izembaro;Season 6;You beast You beast You killed my wife and now you’ve taken your father’s life
izembaro;Season 6;No worse child ever stained this land
izembaro;Season 6;Curse the day I named you
bobono;Season 6;My greatest crime Now I must flee
bobono;Season 6;Then sail across the Narrow Sea to do unto you more treachery
bobono;Season 6;Don’t fear the winter
bobono;Season 6;Fear me
izembaro;Season 6;Thank you Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Bianca, Clarenzo
izembaro;Season 6;I give you Bobono
izembaro;Season 6;I give you Camello
izembaro;Season 6;And last but not least, sweet Lady Crane
camello;Season 6;Give this a good beating Shake those fleas out That’s a dear
izembaro;Season 6;That crowd was shit
lady crane;Season 6;Girl
lady crane;Season 6;What are you doing back here?
arya;Season 6;Nothing
lady crane;Season 6;I saw you the other day in the audience How many times have you seen this stupid play?
arya;Season 6;Three times
lady crane;Season 6;Did you pay?
arya;Season 6;No
lady crane;Season 6;I remember when the players came to my village I didn’t have any money, so I snuck in Just like you Saw the painted faces, the costumes, listened to the songs, cried when the young lovers died in each other’s arms I ran off and joined them the next day, never looked back
arya;Season 6;You’re very good
lady crane;Season 6;My final speech is shit
lady crane;Season 6;But to be fair to myself, which I always like to be, the writing’s no good
arya;Season 6;So change it It would all just be farting, belching, and slapping without you
lady crane;Season 6;How would you change it?
arya;Season 6;The queen loves her son more than anything And he was taken from her before she could say good-bye She wouldn’t just cry She would be angry She would want to kill the person who did this to her
lady crane;Season 6;What’s your name?
arya;Season 6;Mercy
lady crane;Season 6;You have very expressive eyes, Mercy
lady crane;Season 6;Wonderful eyebrows Do you like pretending to be other people?
arya;Season 6;I have to go My father’s waiting for me
bianca;Season 6;Lady Crane, they loved you
lady crane;Season 6;They were sweet Or drunk Drunkenly sweet
izembaro;Season 6;No laugh for Ned’s death These people are worse than animals
izembaro;Season 6;But they loved her They all love her
camello;Season 6;Yes, you are adored by people and animals alike
lady crane;Season 6;I do what I can with what I’m given
izembaro;Season 6;With what you’re given?
lady crane;Season 6;Well, I was thinking-
izembaro;Season 6;Oh, we’re all thinkers now, are we?
izembaro;Season 6;Full to the tits with ideas
lady crane;Season 6;I didn’t mean-
izembaro;Season 6;You have ideas, I have ideas, he has ideas Why should my ideas have any more value than yours simply because I’ve been doing this my whole life? Who is anyone to judge my work? This is my profession I know what I’m doing
izembaro;Season 6;You have no right to an opinion
arya;Season 6;Careful of that one She wants you dead
jaqen;Season 6;And?
waif;Season 6;As I expected
jaqen;Season 6;A shame A girl had many gifts
waif;Season 6;You promised me
jaqen;Season 6;Don’t let her suffer
mace;Season 6;My lord
jaime;Season 6;My lord
mace;Season 6;My friends, the hour has come Madness has overtaken this city and grasped in its claws my children But now we must drive it back under the rocks whence it came Madness has had its day
captain;Season 6;Forward, march
high sparrow;Season 6;Rich or poor, noble or common, if we win, we must atone Margaery of House Tyrell came to us a sinner She stood before the gods in the holy sept and lied She turned a blind eye to her brother’s sins She disgraces her house, the king, and herself
captain;Season 6;Company, halt! Face front! Turn
high sparrow;Season 6;Lord Tyrell
high sparrow;Season 6;Ser Jaime
jaime;Season 6;Sorry to interrupt We’re here for Queen Margaery and Ser Loras Tyrell Give them to us and we’ll be on our way
high sparrow;Season 6;I don’t have the authority to give them to you And you don’t have the authority to take them
captain;Season 6;Lock spears
jaime;Season 6;I speak for King Tommen of House Baratheon, First of His Name
high sparrow;Season 6;The gods don’t recognize his authority in this matter
jaime;Season 6;You already insulted one great house It won’t happen twice Every last sparrow will die before Margaery walks down that street
high sparrow;Season 6;To die in the service of the gods would please each and every one of us We yearn for it But there is no call for it today There will be no walk of atonement
captain;Season 6;Order up
high sparrow;Season 6;Queen Margaery has already atoned for her sins by bringing another into the true light of the Seven
high sparrow;Season 6;Together we announce a new age of harmony A holy alliance between the Crown and the Faith
woman;Season 6;Long live King Tommen and bless you, Queen Margaery
tommen;Season 6;The crown and the faith are the twin pillars upon which the world rests Together we will restore the Seven Kingdoms to glory
mace;Season 6;What’s happening?
olenna;Season 6;He’s beaten us That’s what’s happening
tommen;Season 6;When you attack the Faith, you attack the Crown Anyone who attacks the Crown is unfit to serve as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard
jaime;Season 6;I’ve been a member of the Kingsguard since before you were born You don’t have to do this You don’t have to do anything
tommen;Season 6;I have to answer to the gods
jaime;Season 6;Not when you’re sitting in that chair
tommen;Season 6;The Crown’s decision on this matter is final
jaime;Season 6;Will I be walking naked in the streets? Or will I spend a few months in the sept dungeons first to teach me about the gods’ mercy?
tommen;Season 6;You have served your house and your king faithfully for many years And you will continue to do so But not in this city
walder;Season 6;You’ve lost it?
black walder;Season 6;Yes, father
walder;Season 6;It’s a castle, not a bloody sheep Presumably you still know where it is You didn’t lose Riverrun You let the Blackfish take it from you
lothar;Season 6;He surprised us He knows the castle better than anyone
walder;Season 6;You did lose the Blackfish after the Red Wedding You had him right here in this hall and you let him leave Then when I told you to hunt him down and kill him, you couldn’t find him That’s what it means to lose something Now he’s come back and taken Riverrun
black walder;Season 6;I don’t think it’s fair to blame us-
walder;Season 6;For 300 years we kissed Tully boots, swore oaths to them and their stinking fish banners Not again Riverrun is ours Take it back
black walder;Season 6;We don’t have the men
walder;Season 6;We’ve got 10 times as many men as the damn Blackfish
black walder;Season 6;The Mallisters have risen against us And the Blackwoods
lothar;Season 6;The Brotherhood Without Banners is rallying the commoners against us, raiding our supply trains and camps
black walder;Season 6;Riverrun can withstand a siege for a year
walder;Season 6;If I want excuses, I’ll put her in charge They’re laughing at us All across the Riverlands right down to King’s Landing, they’re laughing at us
walder;Season 6;I hear it in my sleep! I’m not dead yet, unfortunately for you And I’ll not leave this world until they all choke on that laughter Take that castle back
lothar;Season 6;He’ll never yield, Father
walder;Season 6;Oh, he’ll yield
walder;Season 6;You’ll show him the knife you used to kill Robb Stark’s child in his whore mother’s belly, and you’ll show him the knife you used to open his niece’s throat And you’ll remind him who it was that got married at the Red Wedding in the first place His nephew
walder;Season 6;Cheer up, Lord Edmure You’re going home
jaime;Season 6;I’m being sent to deal with the Blackfish Apparently Walder Frey can’t manage it on his own because he’s 400 years old Sent me with an army to the Riverlands and a siege that could last months
cersei;Season 6;BEtter you’re elsewhere at the head of an army than in the sept dungeons
jaime;Season 6;I’m not going to the Riverlands
cersei;Season 6;What, then?
jaime;Season 6;I’m going to give Bronn the largest bag of gold anyone’s ever seen and have him gather the best killers he knows I’ll take them to the sept and I’ll remove the High Sparrow’s head and every other sparrow head I can find
cersei;Season 6;You can’t
jaime;Season 6;He has our son! He stole our son! He’s torn our family apart How should we treat people who tear us apart?
cersei;Season 6;We should treat them without mercy and we will But if you kill the High Sparrow, you won’t leave the sept alive And without you, this is all for nothing Stand at the head of our army where you belong, where Father wanted you Show our men where their loyalties belong Show them what lannisters are, what we do to our enemies And take that stupid little castle back because it’s ours and because you can
jaime;Season 6;You’ll stand trial soon I need to he here for you
cersei;Season 6;It will be a trial by combat I have the Mountain They’ve made us both stronger, all of them
cersei;Season 6;They have no idea how strong we are No idea what we’re going to do to them
cersei;Season 6;We’ve always been together We’ll always be together We’re the only two people in the world
meera;Season 6;Why did you help us?
rider;Season 6;The Three-Eyed Raven sent for me
meera;Season 6;The Three-Eyed Raven’s dead
rider;Season 6;Now he lives again
rider;Season 6;When I last saw you, you were a boy A fearless boy Loved to climb the castle walls, frighten his mother
bran;Season 6;Who are you?
bran;Season 6;Uncle Benjen The last letter Jon wrote me said you had been lost beyond the Wall
benjen;Season 6;I led a ranging party deep into the North to find White Walkers They found us A white walker stabbed me in the gut with a sword of ice Left me there to die To turn The Children found me Stopped the walker’s magic from taking hold
bran;Season 6;How?
benjen;Season 6;The same way they made the Walkers in the first place You saw it yourself
bran;Season 6;Dragonglass A shard of dragonglass plunged into your heart
benjen;Season 6;You are the Three-Eyed Raven now
bran;Season 6;I didn’t have time to learn I can’t control anything
benjen;Season 6;You must learn to control it before the Night King comes
benjen;Season 6;Drink
benjen;Season 6;One way or another, he will find his way to the world of men When he does, you will be there waiting for him And you will be ready
daario;Season 6;Everything all right?
daenerys;Season 6;How many days’ ride to Meereen?
daario;Season 6;A week at best
daenerys;Season 6;How many ships will I need to bring my khalasar to Westeros?
daario;Season 6;Dothraki and all their horses, the Unsullied, the Second Sons 1,000 ships easily Probably more
daenerys;Season 6;And who has that many?
daario;Season 6;Nobody
daenerys;Season 6;Nobody yet
daario;Season 6;So we ride for Meereen and after that we sail for Westeros What then?
daenerys;Season 6;I take what is mine
daario;Season 6;You weren’t made to sit on a chair in a palance
daenerys;Season 6;What was I made for?
daario;Season 6;You’re a conqueror, Daenerys Stormborn
daenerys;Season 6;Wait here
daario;Season 6;I’m going after her Wait for me here
daenerys;Season 6;Every khal who ever lived chose three blood riders to fight beside him and guard his way But I am not a khal I will not choose three blood riders I choose you all
daenerys;Season 6;I will ask more of you than any khal has ever asked of his khalassar! Will you ride the wooden horses across the black salt sea?
daenerys;Season 6;Will you kill my enemies in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses?
daenerys;Season 6;Will you give me the Seven Kingdoms, the gift Khal Drogo promised me before the Mother of Mountains?
daenerys;Season 6;Are you with me?
daenerys;Season 6;Now and always?
man;Season 6;That’s it Get it to the top
man;Season 6;Steady Steady
ray;Season 6;Up she goes
ray;Season 6;Hey, come on Put your back into it, huh?
ray;Season 6;Here you are, son
ray;Season 6;Oh, gentlemen, please And you lot, come on Come on, get it moving Come on, come on
ray;Season 6;In all my days I’ve never seen a man swing an ax like that How many men did it take to cut you down?
sandor;Season 6;Just one
ray;Season 6;Ooh he must have been some kind of monster
sandor;Season 6;He was a woman
ray;Season 6;I think some of the men are a bit afraid of you
sandor;Season 6;I’m used to it
ray;Season 6;When I found you, I thought you’d been dead for days The way you were stinking already and you had bugs all over you and bone was coming through right there
ray;Season 6;I was gonna give you a proper burial and then you coughed Oh, nearly shit myself I reckoned you were gonna die by the time I loaded you on the wagon, but you didn’t Now, I reckoned you’d die a dozen more times over the next few days, but you didn’t What kept you going?
sandor;Season 6;Hate
ray;Season 6;No, there’s a reason you’re still here
sandor;Season 6;Aye, there’s a reason I’m a big fucker and I’m tough to kill
ray;Season 6;No, a reason Gods aren’t done with you yet
sandor;Season 6;I’ve heard that before Man was talking about a different god, though
ray;Season 6;Well, maybe he was right I don’t know much about the gods
sandor;Season 6;You’re in the wrong line of work
ray;Season 6;Oh, there’s plenty of pious sons of bitches who think they know the word of god or gods I don’t I don’t even know their real names Maybe it is the Seven Or maybe it’s the old gods Or maybe it’s the Lord of Light Or maybe they’re all the same fucking thing I don’t know What matters, I believe, is that there’s something greater than us And whatever it is, it’s got plans for Sandor Clegane
sandor;Season 6;You didn’t know me back in my time You don’t know the things I’ve done
ray;Season 6;I’ve heard stories
sandor;Season 6;If the gods are real why haven’t they punished me?
ray;Season 6;They have
high sparrow;Season 6;Your Grace What are we reading today?
margaery;Season 6;The Book of the Mother, Your Holiness Chapter three, verse 12
high sparrow;Season 6;Ah, As water rounds the stones, smoothing -
margaery;Season 6;Smoothing what was jagged, so does a woman’s love calm a man’s brute nature A wife salves her husband’s wounds, a mother sings her son to sleep
high sparrow;Season 6;You learn quickly There are some who know every verse of the sacred text, but don’t have a drop of the Mother’s mercy in their blood and savages who can’t read at all who understand the Father’s wisdom
margaery;Season 6;For year I pretended to love the poor, the afflicted I had pity for them, but I never loved them They disgusted me
high sparrow;Season 6;They are hard to love
high sparrow;Season 6;The poor disgust us because they are us, shorn of our illusions They show us what we’d look like without our fine clothes How’d we smell without perfume
high sparrow;Season 6;Can I ask you about a personal matter?
margaery;Season 6;Of course
high sparrow;Season 6;The king mentioned that since your reunion, you haven’t joined him in the marriage bed
margaery;Season 6;No
high sparrow;Season 6;You have a duty, Your Grace To your husband, your king, your country, to the gods themselves
margaery;Season 6;It’s just the desires that once drove me no longer do
high sparrow;Season 6;Congress does not require desire on the woman’s part, only patience The king must have an heir if we are to continue our good work
margaery;Season 6;Forgive me Sometimes the truth path is hard to find
high sparrow;Season 6;Hard to find and harder still to walk upon But you’ve made great progress I only pray your grandmother follows your lead
margaery;Season 6;My grandmother?
high sparrow;Season 6;Yes The Queen of Thorns is a remarkable woman, a strong woman, and an unrepentant sinner You must teach her the new way as she taught you the old Or I fear for her safety, body and soul
olenna;Season 6;Does it move or talk? I want to speak with you alone
margaery;Season 6;Septa Unella has been my true friend and counselor
olenna;Season 6;Oh, this is madness
olenna;Season 6;You’re not in your sanctuary now, my dear All I have to do is whistle and my men will stroll in here and bash you about.
margaery;Season 6;Grandmother
olenna;Season 6;until I tell them to stop If I tell them to stop You could use a good bashing
margaery;Season 6;Grandmother, please
olenna;Season 6;What have they done to you?
margaery;Season 6;You marched against the High Sparrow, against the Faith
olenna;Season 6;We marched for you
margaery;Season 6;The gods could have punished you and Father, but they didn’t They showed mercy
olenna;Season 6;And what about your brother? What mercy did they show him?
margaery;Season 6;Loras’s only hope is to confess his crimes and repent If he does, the Faith will allow him to return to Highgarden He’ll have to renounce his name and title.
olenna;Season 6;Have you lost your mind?
margaery;Season 6;and live his life as a penitent
olenna;Season 6;He is the heir to Highgarden, the future of House Tyrell
margaery;Season 6;He can begin again
olenna;Season 6;As a mindless fanatic
margaery;Season 6;As a free man
olenna;Season 6;You will leave for Highgarden today There is no law that says you must stay here
margaery;Season 6;I am the queen It is my duty to serve my husband the king
margaery;Season 6;But you should leave, Grandmother Your place is at home
olenna;Season 6;I will never leave you Never
margaery;Season 6;You must
margaery;Season 6;Go home Find comfort in prayer and good works
margaery;Season 6;The Mother watches over us all
olenna;Season 6;I’ll see you soon, my dear
margaery;Season 6;Seven blessings to you, Grandmother
margaery;Season 6;Shall we pray?
dim dalba;Season 6;We said we’d fight with you, King Crow, when the time comes and we meant it, but this isn’t what we agreed to These aren’t White Walkers This isn’t an army of the dead This isn’t our find
tormund;Season 6;If it weren’t for him, none of us would be here All of you would be meat in the Night King’s army And I’d be a pile of charred bones just like Mance
dim dalba;Season 6;Remember Mance’s camp? It stretched all the way to the horizon And look at us now Look what’s left of us And if we lose this, we’re gone Dozens of tribes, hundreds of generations Be like we were never there at all We’ll be the last of the free folk
jon;Season 6;That’s what’ll happen to you if we lose The Boltons, the Karstarks, the Umbers, they know you’re here They know that more than half of you are women and children After they finish with me, they’ll come for you You’re right This isn’t your fight You shouldn’t have to come to Winterfell with me I shouldn’t be asking you It’s not the deal we made I need you with me if we’re gonna beat them, and we need to beat them if you’re going to survive
tormund;Season 6;The crows killed him because he spoke for the free folk when no other southerners would He died for us If we are not willing to do the same for him, we’re cowards And if that’s what we are, we deserve to be the last of the free folk
wun wun;Season 6;Snow
jon;Season 6;Are you sure they’ll come?
tormund;Season 6;We’re not clever like you southerners When we say we’ll do something, we do it
cersei;Season 6;I heard you were leaving King’s Landing
olenna;Season 6;That is hardly your concern
cersei;Season 6;Your grandson is still a prisoner You’ll leave him rotting in a cell?
olenna;Season 6;Loras rots in a cell because of you THe High Sparrow rules this city because of you Our two ancient houses face collapse because of you and your stupidity
cersei;Season 6;You’re right I made a terrible mistake I carry it with me every single day
olenna;Season 6;Good
cersei;Season 6;I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep And now we must fight them together We need each other
olenna;Season 6;I wonder if you’re the worst person I’ve ever met At a certain age, it’s hard to recall But the truly vile do stand out through the years Do you remember the way you smirked at me when my grandson and granddaughter were dragged off to their cells? I do I’ll never forget it
cersei;Season 6;You love your granddaughter I love my son It’s the only truth I know We must defend them
olenna;Season 6;I’m leaving this wretched city as fast as I can before that shoeless zealot throws me into one of his cells If you’re half as bright as you think you are, you’ll find your way out of here, too
cersei;Season 6;Never I’ll never leave my son
olenna;Season 6;What’ll you do, then? You have no support Not anymore Your brother’s gone The High Sparrow saw to that The rest of your family have abandoned you The people despise you You’re surrounded by enemies, thousands of them You’re going to kill them all by yourself? You’ve lost, Cersei It’s the only joy I can find in all this misery
man;Season 6;Pick the pace up Keep going
man;Season 6;Keep it moving
bronn;Season 6;Now, that is a sorry attempt at a siege Someone needs to teach those sad twats how to dig trenches
jaime;Season 6;Someone certainly does
bronn;Season 6;Oh, no Not me I’m just an upjumped sellsword
jaime;Season 6;You’re an anointed knight There’s quite a difference
bronn;Season 6;Aye, knights don’t get paid
jaime;Season 6;You have better instincts than any officer in the Lannister army
bronn;Season 6;That’s like saying I have a bigger cock than anyone in the Unsullied army
jaime;Season 6;I expect to command all the Lannister forces before long You can be the right hand I lost
bronn;Season 6;You promised me a lordship and a castle and a highborn beauty for a wife
jaime;Season 6;And you’ll get all three A Lannister always-
bronn;Season 6;Don’t say it Don’t fucking say it
lothar;Season 6;Come out and fight us, Blackfish Yield the castle or we’ll hang him
lothar;Season 6;This is your last warning Yield the castle
black walder;Season 6;You think I won’t do it, old man?
black walder;Season 6;I sliced your niece’s throat from ear to ear And where were you? Running and hiding like a fucking coward Yield the castle or I cut his throat
brynden;Season 6;Go on, then Cut his throat
jaime;Season 6;Lothar, is it?
lothar;Season 6;Ser Jaime We didn’t know you were coming
jaime;Season 6;Cause you didn’t set up a proper perimeter You just allowed 8,000 men to approach unchallenged
bronn;Season 6;Good thing we’re friends or we’d be fucking you in the ass right now
jaime;Season 6;Have Lord Edmure bathed and fed
black walder;Season 6;Whoa, whoa
lothar;Season 6;Walder
black walder;Season 6;Edmure is a prisoner of House Frey
jaime;Season 6;Only a fool makes threats he’s not prepared to carry out Now let’s say I threatened to hit you unless you shut your mouth, but you kept talking What do you think I’d do?
black walder;Season 6;I don’t give a rat’s-
jaime;Season 6;I’m here by the king’s command to take back this castle Have him bathed and fed Unless you’d like to take his place
lothar;Season 6;Apologies, Ser Jaime
lothar;Season 6;Do as he says
jaime;Season 6;The siege is now under my command The next time the Blackfish looks out from those ramparts, he’ll see an army at his gates, not whatever this is
bronn;Season 6;Have your lads start digging perimeter trenches Set pickets every hundred yards And work double-time on those siege towers and trebuchets
black walder;Season 6;Those are our siege towers-
jaime;Season 6;As I said, the siege is under my command If that’s not to your liking, go home
jaime;Season 6;Get word to the Blackfish I want a parley
bronn;Season 6;A parley or a fight?
jaime;Season 6;He’s an old man
bronn;Season 6;You’ve got one hand My money’s on the old boy
jon;Season 6;Lady Mormont
lyanna;Season 6;Welcome to Bear Island
sansa;Season 6;I remember when you were born, my lady You were named for my Aunt Lyanna It was said she was a great beauty I’m sure you will be, too
lyanna;Season 6;I doubt it My mother wasn’t a great beauty or any other kind of beauty She was a great warrior, though She died fighting for your brother, Robb
jon;Season 6;I served under your uncle at Castle Black, Lady Lyanna He was also a great warrior and an honorable man I was his steward In fact-
lyanna;Season 6;I think we’ve had enough small talk What are you here?
jon;Season 6;Stannis Baratheon garrisoned at Castle Black before he marched on Winterfell and was killed He showed me the letter you wrote to him when he petitioned for men It said-
lyanna;Season 6;I remember what it said Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark
jon;Season 6;Robb is gone, but House Stark is not And it needs your support now more than ever I’ve come with my sister to ask for House Mormont’s allegiance
lyanna;Season 6;As far as I understand, you’re a Snow and Lady Sansa is a Bolton Or is she a Lannister? I’ve heard conflicting reports
sansa;Season 6;I did what I had to do to survive, my lady But I am a Stark I will always be a Stark
lyanna;Season 6;If you say so In any case, you don’t just want my allegiance You want my fighting men
jon;Season 6;Ramsay Bolton cannot be allowed to keep Winterfell, my lady It is our duty to stop him Even more so because he holds our brother Rickon Stark as prisoner What you have to understand, my lady, is that-
lyanna;Season 6;I understand that I’m responsible for Bear Island and all who live here So why should I sacrifice one more Mormont life for someone else’s war?
davos;Season 6;If it please, my lady, I understand how you feel
lyanna;Season 6;I don’t know you, Ser ?
davos;Season 6;Davos, my lady, of House Seaworth
davos;Season 6;You needn’t ask your maester about my house It’s rather new
lyanna;Season 6;All right, Ser Davos of House Seaworth How is it you understand how I feel?
davos;Season 6;You never thought you’d find yourself in your position Being responsible for so many lives at such a young age I never thought I’d be in my position I was a crabber’s son, then I was a smuggler And now I found myself addressing the lady of a great house in time of war But I’m here because this isn’t someone else’s war It’s our war
lyanna;Season 6;Go on, Ser Davos
davos;Season 6;Your uncle, Lord Commander Mormont, made that man his steward He chose Jon to be his successor because he knew had the courage to do what was right, even if it meant giving his life Because Jeor Mormont and Jon Snow both understood that the real war isn’t between a few squabbling houses It’s between the living and the dead And make no mistake, my lady, the dead are coming
lyanna;Season 6;Is this true?
jon;Season 6;Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men I fought them at Hardhome We both lost
davos;Season 6;As long as the Boltons hold Winterfell, the North is divided And a divided North won’t stand a chance against the Night King You want to protect your people, my lady I understand But there’s no hiding from this We have to fight and we need to do it together
lyanna;Season 6;House Mormont has kept faith with House Stark for 1,000 years We will not break faith today
jon;Season 6;Thank you, my lady How many fighting men can we expect?
lyanna;Season 6;62
jon;Season 6;62?
lyanna;Season 6;We are not a large house, but we’re a proud one And every man from Bear Island fights with the strength of 10 mainlanders
davos;Season 6;If they’re half as ferocious as their lady, the Boltons are doomed
brynden;Season 6;Kingslayer
jaime;Season 6;Blackfish
brynden;Season 6;I assume you’re here to fulfill the vow you gave my niece I don’t see Sansa and Arya
jaime;Season 6;I don’t have them
brynden;Season 6;Pity Do you wish to resume your captivity?
brynden;Season 6;Then why are you here?
jaime;Season 6;You know why I’m here This castle belongs to House Frey You’re trespassing In the name of King Tommen, I order you to surrender or-
brynden;Season 6;Or you’ll kill Edmure?
brynden;Season 6;My nephew’s marked for death no matter what Hang him and be done with it
jaime;Season 6;It won’t stop with Edmure You’ll force me to storm the castle Hundreds will die
brynden;Season 6;Hundreds of mine Thousands of yours If you can breach the walls
jaime;Season 6;We’ll breach them and kill every last one of you But if you surrender, I’ll spare the lives of your men On my honor
brynden;Season 6;Your honor? Bargaining with oathbreakers is like building on quicksand
jaime;Season 6;The war is over, ser Why sacrifice living men to a lost cause?
brynden;Season 6;As long as I’m standing, the war is not over This is my home I was born in this castle and I’m ready to die in it So you can either attack or try to starve us out We have enough provisions for two years Do you have two years, Kingslayer?
jaime;Season 6;You clearly have no intention of saving your men’s lives Why did you come to treat with me?
brynden;Season 6;Sieges are dull And I wanted to see you in person, get the measure of you
jaime;Season 6;Well, now you have
brynden;Season 6;Aye, now I have I’m disappointed
robett;Season 6;The answer is no
jon;Season 6;Lord Glover, if you could just hear us out
robett;Season 6;I’ve heard enough We’ve only just taken back this castle from the Ironborn The Boltons helped us do it Now you want me to fight against them? I could be skinned for even talking to you
jon;Season 6;The Boltons are traitors Roose Bolton-
robett;Season 6;Have other northern houses pledged to fight for you?
jon;Season 6;House Mormont
robett;Season 6;And?
jon;Season 6;We sent raven to Houses Manderly-
robett;Season 6;I don’t care about ravens You’re asking me to join your army Who is fighting in this army?
jon;Season 6;The bulk of the force is made up of wildlings
robett;Season 6;Then the rumors are true I didn’t dare believe them I received you out of respect for your father Now I would like you to leave House Glover will not abandon its ancestral home to fight alongside wildlings
jon;Season 6;Lord Glover
robett;Season 6;There’s nothing else to say
sansa;Season 6;I would remind you that House Glover is pledged to House Stark Sworn to answer when called upon
robett;Season 6;Yes, my family served House Stark for centuries We wept when we heard of your father’s death When my brother was lord of this castle, he answered Robb’s call and hailed him King in the North
robett;Season 6;And where was King Robb when the Ironborn attacked this castle? When they threw my wife and children in prison and brutalized and killed our subjects? Taking up with a foreign whore Getting himself and those who followed him killed
robett;Season 6;I served House Stark once, but House Stark is dead
theon;Season 6;Why did we have to come here?
yara;Season 6;Some of us still like it Have a drink at least
theon;Season 6;I don’t want one
yara;Season 6;Don’t go far, love
yara;Season 6;I’ll find you in a bit
yara;Season 6;Nothing on the Iron Islands has an ass like that Doesn’t interest you anymore?
yara;Season 6;I’m sorry I won’t joke about it I’ll never hurt you, little brother Don’t you know that?
theon;Season 6;You think Uncle Euron’s hunting for us?
yara;Season 6;Of course he is As long as we’re alive, we’re a threat
theon;Season 6;He’ll find us
yara;Season 6;It’s a great big world and we have fast ships Drink
theon;Season 6;I don’t want any
yara;Season 6;I don’t care what you want Drink
yara;Season 6;Drink it all
yara;Season 6;You’re Ironborn, Theon I know you’ve had some bad years
theon;Season 6;Some bad years?
yara;Season 6;But I’m tired of watching you cower like a beat dog Drink the goddamn ale
yara;Season 6;Now listen to me I need you The real Theon Greyjoy, not this rat shit pretender Can you find him for me? Drink
yara;Season 6;You escaped, do you hear me? You got away and you’re never going back We’ll get justice for you
theon;Season 6;If I got justice, my burnt body would hang over the gates of Winterfell
yara;Season 6;Fuck justice, then We’ll get revenge Drink
yara;Season 6;Listen to me If you’re so broken that there’s no coming back, take a knife and cut your wrists End it But if you’re staying, Theon, I need you We’re gonna sail to Meereen We’re gonna make a pact with this Dragon Queen And we’re gonna take back the Iron Islands
yara;Season 6;Are you with me? Are you really with me?
yara;Season 6;Now, since it’s my last night ashore for a long while, I’m gonna go fuck the tits off this one
davos;Season 6;Stannis camped here on his way to Winterfell
sansa;Season 6;And that’s a good thing?
davos;Season 6;He was the most experienced commander in Westeros He chose this place for a reason Those mountains are a natural fortification There’s a stream down there for the horses
jon;Season 6;We’re not staying here long Another storm could hit any day
davos;Season 6;Aye, the snows defeated Stannis as much as the Boltons did
jon;Season 6;We have to march on Winterfell now while we still can
davos;Season 6;2,000 Wildlings 200 Hornwoods, 143 Mazins-
sansa;Season 6;62 Mormonts
davos;Season 6;It’s not what we’d hoped for But we still have a chance if we’re careful and smart
davos;Season 6;For fuck’s sake
sansa;Season 6;So he’s your most trusted advisor now? Because he secured 62 men from a ten year old?
jon;Season 6;Ser Davos is the reason I’m standing here talking to you and he served Stannis for years
sansa;Season 6;Stannis who lost the Blackwater, who murdered his own brother, who doesn’t have a head?
sansa;Season 6;It’s not enough We need more men
jon;Season 6;There’s no time
sansa;Season 6;If we went down to Castle Cerwyn, I know that Lord-
jon;Season 6;We fight with the army we have
davos;Season 6;Friends, this is not worth fighting over
davos;Season 6;This’ll be it, now Right now, we don’t need to be fighting
man;Season 6;Who the fuck are you?
davos;Season 6;Hold on
man;Season 6;Yeah, who the fuck are you?
ray;Season 6;I was a soldier once All my superiors thought I was brave I wasn’t I mean, I never ran from a fight Only because I was afraid my friends would see I was afraid That’s all I was, a coward We followed orders no matter the orders Burn that village Fine, I’m your arsonist Steal that farmer’s crops Good, I’m your thief Kill those young lads so they won’t take up arms against us I’m your murderer I remember once a woman screaming at us, calling us animals as we dragged her son from their hut But we weren’t animals Animals are true to their nature and we had betrayed ours I cut that young boy’s throat myself as his mother screamed and my friends held her back
ray;Season 6;That night I felt such shame Shame was so heavy on me, I couldn’t eat, I couldn’t sleep
ray;Season 6;All I could do was stare into that dark sky and listen to that mother screaming her son’s name I’ll hear her screaming the rest of my life
ray;Season 6;Now, I know I can never bring that lad back All I can do with time I’ve got left is bring a little goodness into the world That’s all any of us can do, isn’t it? Never too late to stop robbing people, to stop killing people Start helping people
ray;Season 6;It’s never too late to come back
ray;Season 6;And it’s not about waiting for the gods to answer your prayers It’s not even about the gods It’s about you Learning you have to answer your prayers yourself
ray;Season 6;Seven save you, friends How can we help you?
lem;Season 6;What are you doing here?
ray;Season 6;Well, we’re talking about life You?
lem;Season 6;Protecting the people
ray;Season 6;Well, we thank you for your protection Who are you protecting us from?
lem;Season 6;Do you have any horses?
ray;Season 6;No horses No gold No steel
lem;Season 6;Food, then Protecting the people is hungry work
ray;Season 6;I’m sure it is You’re welcome to stay for supper, but we have hungry mouths here
lem;Season 6;Stay safe The night is dark and full of terrors
sandor;Season 6;Seven save you, friends
ray;Season 6;I’m a fucking septon What was I supposed to say?
sandor;Season 6;They don’t believe in your Seven They’re from the Brotherhood They follow the Red God
ray;Season 6;Aye, well, all are welcome here Anyway, we got nothing for them
sandor;Season 6;Sure, you do You’ve got food, you’ve got steel even if you say you don’t And you’ve got women
ray;Season 6;What do you want to do? Fight them? Kill them?
ray;Season 6;It’d be you against all of them I mean, these people don’t know how to fight
sandor;Season 6;You do
ray;Season 6;I’m done with fighting
sandor;Season 6;Even if it’s to protect yourself?
ray;Season 6;Violence is a disease You don’t cure a disease by spreading it to more people
sandor;Season 6;You don’t cure it by dying, either
ray;Season 6;You’ve done enough work for one day Come on up for some supper
sandor;Season 6;It’s gonna be a cold night We’ll need firewood
ray;Season 6;I’ll save you a bowl of stew Might even have some ale hidden away
man;Season 6;He’s not a lying man He says the Iron Fleet’s in Slaver’s Bay I’m inclined to believe him I’m not going anywhere near those mad fuckers
arya;Season 6;You’re Westerosi
man;Season 6;What do you care?
arya;Season 6;I want to book passage home
man;Season 6;You? Can’t afford it
man;Season 6;Where’d you steal this from?
arya;Season 6;Why do you care?
man;Season 6;We leave in two days You can have a hammock in steerage
arya;Season 6;I want a cabin And we’ll leave at dawn
arya;Season 6;See you at sunrise
lady crane;Season 6;My son My firstborn son My child king, hush Listen to the gods, for you they sing Fight no more, sweet child Your wars are won The wolves are buried and the false stag done Shut your blue eyes, my love Let the crown fall The Father above beckons you into his hall In Seventh Heaven I’ll see you once more But now I seek vengeance on Sansa the whore and my brother the Imp who killed his own king Born amongst lions, our curse from within I will slay him, I swear With noose or with knife, though it take me a fortnight, a moon, or my life
arya;Season 6;You’re good at that Where did you learn?
lady crane;Season 6;I’m a jealous woman I’ve always liked bad men and they’ve always liked me They’d come home wherever home was that night stinking of some whore’s perfume
lady crane;Season 6;So we’d fight and I’d put a hole in them And then I’d feel terrible, so I’d patch them up I got good at patching them up
arya;Season 6;And good at putting holes in them
lady crane;Season 6;And that
arya;Season 6;What happened to the actress? The one who wanted you dead
lady crane;Season 6;Bianca
lady crane;Season 6;She’ll have a hard time finding work as an actress after what I did to her face
arya;Season 6;Mmm
lady crane;Season 6;I never did learn to cook But eat Eat You need it The company is moving on to Pentos soon You should come with us
arya;Season 6;I can’t
lady crane;Season 6;Why not? Got a feeling you’d be good at this sort of work And besides, we need a new actress
arya;Season 6;I don’t think I could remember all of the lines
lady crane;Season 6;Come with us What’s left for you here?
arya;Season 6;You wouldn’t be safe Not while she’s looking for me
lady crane;Season 6;Who?
arya;Season 6;She doesn’t have a name
lady crane;Season 6;Where will you go?
arya;Season 6;Essos is east and Westeros is west But what’s west of Westeros?
lady crane;Season 6;I don’t know
arya;Season 6;Nobody does That’s where all the maps stop
lady crane;Season 6;The edge of the world, maybe
arya;Season 6;I’d like to see that
arya;Season 6;What’s that?
lady crane;Season 6;Milk of the poppy
arya;Season 6;I don’t want any
lady crane;Season 6;Sleep is the only way you’ll heal Trust me, if my soup didn’t kill you, nothing will
man;Season 6;Thing about Gatins, right, is he used to be pretty
gatins;Season 6;I was a famous kisser You lads know how to kiss proper?
young man;Season 6;Course we do
gatins;Season 6;This is for masters, this technique You’re not ready
young man;Season 6;I’m ready
man;Season 6;He says he’s ready
gatins;Season 6;All right
gatins;Season 6;Now, pay attention You put your left hand on the back of the lady’s head
gatins;Season 6;Your right hand holds the small of the lady’s back like so
gatins;Season 6;Very romantic Take your middle finger, yeah, and you jam it right up her bunghole
man;Season 6;So fucking close
gatins;Season 6;Ah, it smells like pussy to me
man;Season 6;Look at him You get hard, boy?
young man;Season 6;Fuck you! Disgusting old twats
young man;Season 6;Got off on that, did you, you old fuck?
sandor;Season 6;Where’s the other one? The one with the yellow cloak
gatins;Season 6;Fuck you
sandor;Season 6;Those are your last words, fuck you? Come on, you can do better
gatins;Season 6;Cunt
sandor;Season 6;You’re shit at dying, you know that?
red priestess;Season 6;From the fire she was reborn to remake the world Daenerys is a gift from the Lord of Light to her children If we are steadfast in our love for the Queen and her faithful advisors, no man will ever lock us in chains again
tyrion;Season 6;I’d call that a successful gambit
varys;Season 6;Would you?
tyrion;Season 6;Look around The city has come back to life
varys;Season 6;You made a pact with fanatics
tyrion;Season 6;I did and it worked
varys;Season 6;If you shaved your beard with a straight razor, you’d say the razor worked That doesn’t mean it won’t cut your throat
tyrion;Season 6;Spoken like a man who has never had to shave
tyrion;Season 6;I’m going to miss you
varys;Season 6;I know
tyrion;Season 6;I hope you’re right about this expedition of yours
varys;Season 6;If I don’t return, you’ll know I was wrong
varys;Season 6;We need friends in Westeros And we need ships
tyrion;Season 6;Most of all, we need our queen
varys;Season 6;She’ll come back She has to My heart’s been broken too many times already
varys;Season 6;I’ll walk the rest of the way myself I can’t go off on a secret mission in the company of the most famous dwarf in the city
tyrion;Season 6;Varys
tyrion;Season 6;The most famous dwarf in the world
qyburn;Season 6;Your Grace, several members of the Faith Militant have been permitted entry to the Red Keep
cersei;Season 6;Have been permitted? That’s rather a tortured way of putting it
qyburn;Season 6;They demand to see you, Your Grace
cersei;Season 6;Who permitted them inside the Red Keep?
cersei;Season 6;The king is aware of their presence?
qyburn;Season 6;He is, Your Grace He’s currently in his chambers at prayer
lancel;Season 6;Your Grace, His Holiness the High Septon wishes to speak with you at the Great Sept of Baelor
cersei;Season 6;His Holiness the High Septon is welcome to see me here in the Red Keep
lancel;Season 6;Your Grace, this is not a request
cersei;Season 6;It is a request, Cousin Lancel You are asking me for something, I’m refusing
lancel;Season 6;The High Septon commands you Are you sure you want to refuse him?
cersei;Season 6;He promised me I could stay in the Red Keep until my trial
lancel;Season 6;He made no such promises If you refuse to come of your own free will-
cersei;Season 6;Get out
lancel;Season 6;Move aside, ser
lancel;Season 6;Order your man to step aside or there will be violence
cersei;Season 6;I choose violence
cersei;Season 6;Please tell His High Holiness he’s always welcome to visit
podrick;Season 6;Looks like a siege, my lady
brienne;Season 6;You have a keen military mind, Pod
podrick;Season 6;My lady My lady
man;Season 6;Who goes there? State your business
brienne;Season 6;My name is Brienne of Tarth Please inform Ser Jaime Lannister I’ve come to speak with him Tell him I have his sword
bronn;Season 6;Getting a bit old to be a squire, aren’t we?
bronn;Season 6;Podrick fucking Payne I thought you’d be dead by now
podrick;Season 6;Not yet
bronn;Season 6;Are they in there?
podrick;Season 6;Mm-hmm
bronn;Season 6;You think they’re fucking?
podrick;Season 6;What? No
bronn;Season 6;Why not? I’d fuck her You’d fuck her, wouldn’t you?
podrick;Season 6;I’m her squire
bronn;Season 6;Oh Well, he’d fuck her, that’s for sure And she’s fuck him, don’t you think? The way she looks at him The way all women look at him is frankly irritating I preferred working with the little brother on that account Come on, you’re the one with the magic cock
bronn;Season 6;You must have shown it to her by now
podrick;Season 6;She’s training me to fight
bronn;Season 6;Is she? Oh
podrick;Season 6;An hour in the morning, and hour at night Every day
bronn;Season 6;Then how come an old cunt like me can still sneak up and murder you?
podrick;Season 6;Well, that’s a different sort of fighting
bronn;Season 6;Now, that’s the truth, isn’t it? You want to learn that sort of fighting?
bronn;Season 6;All right, let’s start with your footwork
bronn;Season 6;Show me your stance
bronn;Season 6;Now, listen to me, Pod See how your feet are about a yard apart?
bronn;Season 6;Lesson number one, assume everyone wants to hit you Cause they do, Pod Everyone wants to hit a fucking squire Do it again Come on, don’t sulk
jaime;Season 6;I never thought you’d find her I just assumed Sansa was dead
brienne;Season 6;Why would you assume that?
jaime;Season 6;In my experience, girls like her don’t live very long
brienne;Season 6;I don’t think you know many girls like her
jaime;Season 6;Well, I’m proud of you I am You fulfilled your oath to Catelyn Stark against all odds
jaime;Season 6;Of course my sister wants Sansa dead The girl is still a suspect in Joffrey’s murder, so there is that complication What the hell are you doing here?
brienne;Season 6;I’ve come for the Blackfish
jaime;Season 6;You’re welcome to have him
brienne;Season 6;Lady Sansa desires to take her ancestral seat back from the Boltons and assume her rightful position as Lady of Winterfell
jaime;Season 6;With what army does she plan on taking Winterfell?
brienne;Season 6;The Tully army
jaime;Season 6;They’re a bit occupied at the moment I was sent here to reclaim Riverrun currently defended by the Tully rebels, so you can see the conundrum
brienne;Season 6;The Tullys are rebels because they’re fighting for their home?
jaime;Season 6;Riverrun was granted to the Freys by royal decree
brienne;Season 6;As a reward for betraying Robb Stark and slaughtering his family
jaime;Season 6;Exactly
jaime;Season 6;We shouldn’t argue about politics
brienne;Season 6;You’re a knight, Ser Jaime I know there is honor in you I’ve seen it myself
jaime;Season 6;I’m a Lannister Don’t ask me to betray my own house
brienne;Season 6;I do no such thing Take Riverrun without bloodshed Ride south with your mission complete and your army intact
jaime;Season 6;What do you propose?
brienne;Season 6;Allow me to enter Riverrun under a flag of truce Let me try to persuade the Blackfish to give up the castle
jaime;Season 6;Why would he abandon his ancestral home?
brienne;Season 6;Because you’ll allow him to lead the Tully forces safely north
jaime;Season 6;Have you ever met the Blackfish?
brienne;Season 6;No
jaime;Season 6;He’s even more stubborn than you are
jaime;Season 6;All right Try to talk some sense into the old goat He won’t listen, but his men might Not everybody wants to die for someone else’s home
brienne;Season 6;I need your word If I persuade him to abandon the castle, you’ll grant us safe passage north
jaime;Season 6;You have my word You have until nightfall
brienne;Season 6;You gave it to me for a purpose I’ve achieved that purpose
jaime;Season 6;It’s yours It will always be yours
brienne;Season 6;one last thing, Ser Jaime
jaime;Season 6;Yes, Lady Brienne?
brienne;Season 6;Should I fail to persuade the Blackfish to surrender, and if you attack the castle, honor compels me to fight for Sansa’s kin
jaime;Season 6;Of course it does
brienne;Season 6;To fight you
jaime;Season 6;Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that
brynden;Season 6;I’ve said no three times already
brienne;Season 6;I have a signed letter from your niece Sansa Stark
brynden;Season 6;I haven’t seen her since she was a child I don’t know her signature I don’t know you And I will not surrender
brynden;Season 6;Double the guards tonight BRYNDEL ingslayer wants to try us I can feel it
brienne;Season 6;As I have said, my name is-
brynden;Season 6;Yes, Brienne of Tarth I know your father A good man
brienne;Season 6;He always spoke highly of you
brynden;Season 6;And if he were here now, I’d tell him the same I’m telling you
brynden;Season 6;If you think I’m abandoning my family’s seat on the Kingslayer’s word of honor, you’re a bloody fool
brienne;Season 6;Riverrun cannot stand against the Lannisters and the Freys
brynden;Season 6;We can stand longer than your one-handed friend thinks we can
brienne;Season 6;He’s not my friend
brynden;Season 6;No?
brynden;Season 6;Who gave you permission to cross the siege line and enter the castle? Who gave you that sword with the gold lion on the pommel?
brienne;Season 6;Ser Jaime kept his word to your niece Catelyn Stark He sent me to find Sansa, to help her as Catelyn wanted He gave me this sword to protect her That is what I have done and I will continue to do until the day I die
brynden;Season 6;She’s exactly like her mother
brynden;Season 6;I don’t have enough men to help her take Winterfell
brienne;Season 6;You have more than she does
brynden;Season 6;She wants her home back I understand that But this is my home And if Jaime Lannister wants it, he can bloody well take it the way everyone else does
brienne;Season 6;Find the maester We need to get a raven north to Sansa
podrick;Season 6;What should I write?
brienne;Season 6;Tell her I failed
cersei;Season 6;There’s to be a royal announcement?
kevan;Season 6;There is
cersei;Season 6;Why wasn’t I informed?
kevan;Season 6;There is to be a royal announcement in the throne room at this very moment
kevan;Season 6;Where are you going?
cersei;Season 6;To stand by my son
kevan;Season 6;Your place is in the gallery with the other ladies of the court
tommen;Season 6;Lords and ladies, the Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world One collapses, so does the other The Father judges us all If you break his laws you will be punished After conferring with His Holiness the High Septon, we have determined that Loras Tyrell and Cersei lannister’s trial will be held in the Great Sept of Baelor on the first day of the Festival of the Mother
tommen;Season 6;Furthermore, after much prayer and reflection, the Crown has decided that from this day forward, trial by combat will be forbidden throughout the Seven Kingdoms The tradition is a brutish one, a scheme devised by corrupt rulers in order to avoid true judgment from the gods Cersei Lannister and Loras Tyrell will stand trial before seven septons as it was in the earliest days of the Faith Seven blessings to all
crowd;Season 6;Seven blessings
qyburn;Season 6;Your Grace that old rumor you told me about My little birds investigated
cersei;Season 6;And? Was it just a rumor or something more?
qyburn;Season 6;More Much more
missandei;Season 6;You seem happy
tyrion;Season 6;I am happy You should both be as well Not so long ago, this city was ready to devour itself
tyrion;Season 6;Now it’s like a man reborn
missandei;Season 6;I will be happy when our queen returns
tyrion;Season 6;Why don’t you drink? Why don’t either of you ever drink?
grey worm;Season 6;Unsullied never drink
tyrion;Season 6;Why not?
grey worm;Season 6;Rules
tyrion;Season 6;And who made these rules? Your former masters?
tyrion;Season 6;Those miserable old shits didn’t want you to be human Have a drink with me
tyrion;Season 6;And you? What’s your excuse?
missandei;Season 6;I have tried wine before It made me feel funny
tyrion;Season 6;That’s how you know it’s working
tyrion;Season 6;Here’s to our queen Anyone not drinking is disrespecting our queen
tyrion;Season 6;To Daenerys Stormborn, Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains, long may she reign GREY WORM
missandei;Season 6;Long may she reign
tyrion;Season 6;Do you like it?
grey worm;Season 6;Tastes like it has turned
tyrion;Season 6;Yes, yes Fermentation One day, after our queen has taken the Seven Kingdoms I’d like to have my own vineyard Make my own wine The Imp’s Delight Only my close friends could drink it
tyrion;Season 6;Tell me a joke, Missandei of Naath
missandei;Season 6;I do not know any jokes
tyrion;Season 6;Grey worm?
tyrion;Season 6;Right Three lords walk into a tavern a Stark, a Martell, and a Lannister They order ale.
tyrion;Season 6;but when the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts, Spit it out, you see shit Spit it out
tyrion;Season 6;It’s funnier in Westeros
grey worm;Season 6;The Starks and the lannisters, i thought these were enemies
tyrion;Season 6;Yes
missandei;Season 6;A joke is like a story, Torgo Nudho Not a true story, necessarily
tyrion;Season 6;A story that’s supposed to make you laugh, ideally Not at the moment, perhaps
tyrion;Season 6;Missandei, do you like the wine?
missandei;Season 6;I do
tyrion;Season 6;Tell a joke
missandei;Season 6;Two translators are on a sinking ship
missandei;Season 6;The first says, Do you know how to swim?” The second says, No, but I can shout for help in 19 languages.” TYRION Ah
grey worm;Season 6;That is the worst joke I ever heard
missandei;Season 6;You don’t even know what a joke is
grey worm;Season 6;I am soldier all my life You think I never hear joke?
tyrion;Season 6;You lied to us
grey worm;Season 6;I make joke
missandei;Season 6;More jokes
tyrion;Season 6;I once walked into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass The madam says-
missandei;Season 6;The Masters have come for their property
jaime;Season 6;Lord Edmure
jaime;Season 6;I apologize for the way the Freys treated you A man of your birth deserved better You have my word you’ll be properly fed and clothes from now on
edmure;Season 6;I have your word?
edmure;Season 6;Oh, good Good, that’s that’s a fine thing My uncle will never surrender the castle, ser Whatever game you’re playing
jaime;Season 6;The Blackfish is an old man A good death is all he can hope for But you, you have a child now, I’ve heard A son you sired on your wedding night You’re a potent man
edmure;Season 6;A son I’ve never met born of a wife that I haven’t seen since our first night together
jaime;Season 6;You should be with them both I can arrange that, you realize? Comfortable rooms for you at Casterly Rock A tutor for your boy, knights to train him to fight and to ride And when he comes of age, he’ll have a keep of his own
edmure;Season 6;Do you imagine yourself a decent person? Is that it? After you’ve massacred my family Kept me in a cell for years Stolen our lands
jaime;Season 6;I’ll remind you that our houses are at war I’m sorry if this conflict has inconvenienced you, but rebelling against the Crown does have consequences
edmure;Season 6;Says the man who shoved his sword through his king’s back
jaime;Season 6;Did I give you the impression that this was a negotiation? It’s not
edmure;Season 6;You understand On some level you understand that you’re an evil man
jaime;Season 6;I’ll leave the judgments to the gods
edmure;Season 6;Well, that is convenient for you You’re a fine-looking fellow, aren’t you?
edmure;Season 6;Your square jaw, your golden armor Tell me, I want to know I truly do How do you live with yourself? All of us have to believe that we’re decent, don’t we? You have to sleep at night How do you tell yourself that you’re decent after everything that you’ve done?
jaime;Season 6;I was your sister’s prisoner once She hit me on the head with a rock if I remember correctly
edmure;Season 6;Yeah She should have killed you
jaime;Season 6;Perhaps, but she didn’t Catelyn Stark hated me just like you hate me But I didn’t hate her I admired her Far more than her husband or her son
edmure;Season 6;Do you think I care whom you admire and whom you don’t?
jaime;Season 6;No, I don’t, but I’m telling you anyway because you’re my prisoner You don’t have a choice The love she had for her children, I was a little awed by it Reminded me of my sister
edmure;Season 6;Oh Oh, I see You’re a madman
jaime;Season 6;I’m not here to trade insults Your sister was a strong-
edmure;Season 6;Don’t talk about Cat
jaime;Season 6;I’ll talk about whomever I want
jaime;Season 6;She loved her children I suppose all mothers do, but Catelyn and Cersei, there’s a fierceness you don’t often see
jaime;Season 6;They’d do anything to protect their babies
jaime;Season 6;Start a war Burn cities to ash Free their worst enemies The things we do for love
edmure;Season 6;You didn’t come here to talk about our sisters
jaime;Season 6;That’s exactly why I came here I love Cersei You can laugh at that if you want You can sneer It doesn’t matter She needs me And to get back to her, I have to take Riverrun I’ll send for your baby boy
jaime;Season 6;And I’ll launch him into Riverrun with a catapult Because you don’t matter to me, Lord Edmure Your son doesn’t matter to me The people in the castle don’t matter to me Only Cersei And if I have to slaughter every Tully who ever lived to get back to her, that’s what I’ll do
guard captain;Season 6;Who goes there?
edmure;Season 6;Edmure Tully, son of Hoster Tully, and the rightful Lord of Riverrun I demand entry
brynden;Season 6;Don’t let him in
guard captain;Season 6;He’s the Lord of Riverrun I have to obey his commands
brynden;Season 6;He’s been their captive ever since they murdered his king at the Red Wedding Why do you think the people who murdered his king at the Red Wedding would decide to let him come home? Because it’s a trap, you idiot Don’t let him in
guard captain;Season 6;He’s my lord, my lord I’ve sworn to serve the Lord of Riverrun and obey his commands
brynden;Season 6;You’re not obeying Edmure’s commands You’re obeying the fucking Kinglsayer’s commands
edmure;Season 6;I demand entry
guard captain;Season 6;My lord has given an order
brynden;Season 6;WIth a knife to his throat That is not a valid order
guard captain;Season 6;Lower the drawbridge and open the gate for Lord Ed-
brynden;Season 6;I’ll have your head before I surrender Riverrun
guard captain;Season 6;You are not lord of this castle, my lord
guard captain;Season 6;Lower the drawbridge
guard;Season 6;Aye, ser
black walder;Season 6;If you’re wrong, we’re just surrendered our most valuable prisoner
guard captain;Season 6;Welcome home, my lord
edmure;Season 6;Command all the forces within the castle to lay down their arms Open the gates
guard captain;Season 6;My lord-
edmure;Season 6;Your lord has given a command
edmure;Season 6;Find the Blackfish Put him in irons and hand him over to the Freys
guard captain;Season 6;Find him
brynden;Season 6;Go on
brienne;Season 6;Come with us
brynden;Season 6;I’ve run before from the Red Wedding I’m not running again This is my family home
brienne;Season 6;Your family is in the North Come with us Don’t die for pride when you can fight for your blood
brynden;Season 6;You’ll serve Sansa far better than I ever could
brynden;Season 6;Go on, now
brynden;Season 6;I haven’t had a proper sword fight in years I expect I’ll make a damn fool of myself
guard;Season 6;We found the Blackfish, my lord
jaime;Season 6;Good Bring him to me
guard;Season 6;He died fighting, my lord
tyrion;Season 6;I was wrong I admit it
missandei;Season 6;That changes nothing
tyrion;Season 6;The Unsullied could mount a defense off the beachhead If the slavers’ forces-
grey worm;Season 6;No more talking from you Your talking gave us this
tyrion;Season 6;And I have acknowledged that I’m trying-
grey worm;Season 6;You’re trying to tell me what the army should do You do not know what the army should do
tyrion;Season 6;All right, what should the army do?
grey worm;Season 6;We’ll not go to the beach If we go to the beach, the Masters will take the pyramid The pyramid is the only place in the city we can defend We stay here
tyrion;Season 6;And then?
grey worm;Season 6;We wait for them to come to us Then we fight them
beric;Season 6;Clegane
thoros;Season 6;What the fuck you doing here?
sandor;Season 6;Chasing them You?
thoros;Season 6;Hanging them
sandor;Season 6;Any particular reason?
beric;Season 6;They’re our men Or they were They attacked a nearby sept and murdered the villagers Why do you want them?
sandor;Season 6;Same reason I was helping build it They killed a friend of mine
thoros;Season 6;You’ve got friends?
sandor;Season 6;Not anymore They’re mine
beric;Season 6;It’s the Brotherhood’s good name they’ve dragged through the dirt
sandor;Season 6;Fuck your name They’re mine I killed you once before, Dondarrion Happy to do it again
sandor;Season 6;Drop that arrow, you bloody girl
sandor;Season 6;Tougher girls than you have tried to kill me
beric;Season 6;You can have one of them
sandor;Season 6;Two
thoros;Season 6;No, no, no
thoros;Season 6;We’re not butchers We hang them
sandor;Season 6;hanging? All over in an instant Where’s the punishment in that?
thoros;Season 6;They die
sandor;Season 6;We all bloody die
sandor;Season 6;Except this one here I’ll only gut one of them
beric;Season 6;No
sandor;Season 6;I’ll chop off one hand
beric;Season 6;We gave you two of the three out of respect for your loss That’s generous
sandor;Season 6;Bunch of nancies
sandor;Season 6;There was a time I would have killed all seven of you just to gut these three
thoros;Season 6;You’re getting old, Clegane
sandor;Season 6;He’s not
lem;Season 6;Please don’t I’ll give you anything
sandor;Season 6;Got anything to eat?
thoros;Season 6;Enjoying yourself?
sandor;Season 6;I prefer chicken
beric;Season 6;You ought to join us We could use you
sandor;Season 6;I tried joining Didn’t work out for me
thoros;Season 6;Clegane, we’re here for a reason The Lord of Light is keeping Beric alive for a reason He gave a failed, drunk priest the power to bring him back for a reason We are part of something larger than ourselves
sandor;Season 6;Lots of horrible shit in this world gets done for something larger than ourselves
beric;Season 6;Cold winds are rising in the North
sandor;Season 6;And you’re going to go stop them?
beric;Season 6;We need good men to help us
sandor;Season 6;Last time you saw me, you wanted to execute me
beric;Season 6;True enough But the Lord of Light gave you the power to defeat me Why?
sandor;Season 6;I beat you because I’m better than you, Beric I was better than you before you started yammering on about the Lord and I’m better than you now
beric;Season 6;Aye, you’re probably right You’re a fighter You were born a fighter You walked away from the fight How did that go? Good and bad, young and old, the things we’re fighting will destroy them all alike You can still help a lot more than you’ve harmed Clegane, it’s not too late for you
arya;Season 6;Lady Crane?
arya;Season 6;Lady Crane?
waif;Season 6;If you’d have done your job, she would have died painlessly
waif;Season 6;Instead
waif;Season 6;The Many-Faced God was promised a name He must always receive what is his You can’t change that I can’t change that No one can And now he’s been promised another name
waif;Season 6;It will all be over soon On your knees or on your feet?
waif;Season 6;Haven’t we been through this already? That won’t help you
arya;Season 6;You told her to kill me
jaqen;Season 6;Yes But here you are And there she is
jaqen;Season 6;Finally a girl is no one
tyrion;Season 6;Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the city’s on the rise
tyrion;Season 6;Perhaps we should take shelter
daenerys;Season 6;The city is on the rise?
tyrion;Season 6;Meereen is strong Commerce has returned to the markets The people are behind you
tyrion;Season 6;Well, not all the people, of course No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters
tyrion;Season 6;it proves that no one needs a Master
daenerys;Season 6;Good Shall we begin?
tyrion;Season 6;Do we have a plan?
daenerys;Season 6;I will crucify the Masters I will set their fleets afire, kill every last one of their soldiers, and return their cities to the dirt That is my plan
daenerys;Season 6;You don’t approve?
tyrion;Season 6;You once told me you knew what your father was Did you know his plans for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
tyrion;Season 6;Probably not Well, he told my brother and Jaime told me He had caches of wildfire hidden under the Red Keep, the Guildhalls, the Sept of Baelor, all the major thoroughfares He would have burned every one of his citizens The loyal ones and the trators Every man, woman, and child That’s why Jaime killed him
daenerys;Season 6;This is entirely different
tyrion;Season 6;You’re talking about destroying cities It’s not entirely different I’d like to suggest an alternate approach
razdal;Season 6;Once before, I offered you peace If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships Instead, you will flee Slaver’s Bay on foot like the beggar queen you are
tyrion;Season 6;We are here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults
yezzan;Season 6;The terms are simple You and your foreign friends will abandon the Great Pyramid and the city of Meereen The Unsullied you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder The translator you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder The dragons beneath the Great Pyramid will be slaughtered
daenerys;Season 6;We obviously didn’t communicate clearly We’re here to discuss your surrender, not mine
razdal;Season 6;I imagine it’s difficult adjust to the new reality Your reign is over
daenerys;Season 6;My reign has just begun
daenerys;Season 6;Dracarys
grey worm;Season 6;You men have a choice
grey worm;Season 6;fight and die for the masters who would never fight and die for you, or go home to your families
tyrion;Season 6;Thank you for the armada Our queen does love ships Now, last time we spoke, we made a pact You violated that pact You declared war upon us Though our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven
missandei;Season 6;Our queen insists that one of you must die as punishment for your crimes
tyrion;Season 6;It always seems a bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
razdal;Season 6;Him He should die
belicho;Season 6;Yes, him
razdal;Season 6;He’s not one of us He’s an outsider, a lowborn He does not speak for us
yezzan;Season 6;Please
tyrion;Season 6;Tell your people what happened here Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the what happened when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen
jon;Season 6;You don’t have to be here
sansa;Season 6;Yes, I do
ramsay;Season 6;My beloved wife I’ve missed you terribly
ramsay;Season 6;Thank you for returning Lady Bolton safely Now, dismount and kneel before me, surrender your army and proclaim me the true Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North I will pardon you for deserting the Night’s Watch I will pardon these treasonous lords for betraying my house Come, bastard, you don’t have the men, you don’t have the horses, and you don’t have Winterfell Why lead those pour souls into slaughter? There’s no need for a battle Get off your hose and kneel I’m a man of mercy
jon;Season 6;You’re right There’s no need for a battle Thousands of men don’t need to die Only one of us Let’s end this the old way You against me
ramsay;Season 6;I keep hearing stories about you, bastard The way people in the North talk about you, you’re the greatest swordsman who ever walked Maybe you are that good Maybe not I don’t know if I’d beat you But I know that my army will beat yours I have 6,000 men You have, what, half that? Not even?
jon;Season 6;Aye, you have the numbers Will your men want to fight for you when they hear you wouldn’t fight for them?
ramsay;Season 6;He’s good Very good Tell me, will you let your little brother die because you’re too proud to surrender?
sansa;Season 6;How do we know you have him?
ramsay;Season 6;Now, if you want to save
sansa;Season 6;You’re going to die tomorrow, Lord Bolton Sleep well
ramsay;Season 6;She’s a fine woman, your sister I look forward to having her back in my bed And you’re all fine-looking men My dogs are desperate to meet you I haven’t fed them for seven days They’re ravenous I wonder which parts they’ll try first Your eyes? Your balls? We’ll find out soon enough In the morning, then, bastard
jon;Season 6;If he was smart, he’d stay inside the walls of Winterfell and wait us out
davos;Season 6;That’s not his way He knows the North is watching If the other houses sense weakness on his part, they’ll stop fearing him He can’t have that Fear is his power
jon;Season 6;It’s his weakness, too His mean don’t want to fight for him They’re forced to fight for him If they feel the tide turning.
tormund;Season 6;It’s not his men that worry me It’s his horses I know what mounted knights can do to us
tormund;Season 6;You and Stannis cut through us like piss through snow
jon;Season 6;We’re digging trenches all along our flanks They won’t be able to hit us the way that Stannis hit you, in a double envelopment TORMUND stares blankly a
jon;Season 6;A pincer move
jon;Season 6;They won’t be able to hit us from the sides
tormund;Season 6;Good
davos;Season 6;It’s crucial that we let them charge at us They’ve got the numbers, we need the patience If we let him buckle our center, he’ll pursue Then we’ll have him surrounded on three sides
tormund;Season 6;Did you really think that cunt would fight you man to man?
jon;Season 6;No But I wanted to make him angry I want him coming at us full tilt
davos;Season 6;We should all get some sleep
tormund;Season 6;Rest, Jon Snow We need you sharp tomorrow
sansa;Season 6;So you’ve met the enemy, drawn up your battle plans
jon;Season 6;Aye, for what they’re worth
sansa;Season 6;You’ve known him for the space of a single conversation, you and your trusted advisors, and you sit around and make your plans on how to defeat a man you don’t know I lived with him I know the way his mind works I know how he likes to hurt people Did it ever once occur to you that I might have some insight?
jon;Season 6;You’re right
sansa;Season 6;You think he’s going to fall into your trap He won’t He’s the one who lays traps
jon;Season 6;He’s overconfident
sansa;Season 6;He plays with people He’s far better at it than you He’s been doing it all his life
jon;Season 6;Aye, and what have I been doing all my life? Playing with broomsticks? I fought beyond the Wall against worse than Ramsay Bolton I’ve defended the Wall from worse than Ramsay Bolton
sansa;Season 6;You don’t know him
jon;Season 6;All right, tell me What should we do? How do we get Rickon back?
sansa;Season 6;We’ll never get him back Rickon is Ned Starks trueborn son, which makes him a greater threat to Ramsay than you, a bastard, or me, a girl As long as he lives, Ramsay’s claim to Winterfell will be contested, which means he won’t live long
jon;Season 6;We can’t give up on our brother
sansa;Season 6;Listen to me, please He wants you to make a mistake
jon;Season 6;Of course he does What should I do differently?
sansa;Season 6;I don’t know! I don’t know anything about battles! Just don’t do what he wants you to do
jon;Season 6;Aye, that’s good advice
sansa;Season 6;You think that’s obvious?
jon;Season 6;Well, it is a bit obvious
sansa;Season 6;If you had asked for my advice earlier, I would have told you not to attack Winterfell until we have a larger force, or is that obvious, too?
jon;Season 6;When will we have a larger force?! We’ve pleaded with every house that’ll have us! The Blackfish can’t help us! We’re lucky to have this many men
sansa;Season 6;It’s not enough
jon;Season 6;Now, it’s not enough! It’s what we have! Battles have been won against greater odds
sansa;Season 6;If Ramsay wins, I’m not going back there alive Do you understand me? JON SNOW I won’t ever let him touch you again I’ll protect you, I promise
sansa;Season 6;No one can protect me No one can protect anyone
davos;Season 6;You think there’s hope?
tormund;Season 6;I’ve never seen these Bolton fuckers fight And they’ve never seen the free folk fight, so, yes, there’s hope You want to avenge your king, don’t you?
davos;Season 6;It wasn’t the Boltons defeated Stannis It was Stannis himself I loved the man He lifted me up and made me something But he had demons in his skull whispering foul things
tormund;Season 6;You saw these demons?
davos;Season 6;What?
davos;Season 6;No, it’s a manner of speaking Not actual demons
tormund;Season 6;Oh Well, you loved that cunt Stannis and I loved the man he burned Mance didn’t have demons in his skull He didn’t torch people or listen to some red witch I believed in him I thought he was the man to lead us through the Long Night But I was wrong just like you
davos;Season 6;Maybe that was our mistake, believing in kings
tormund;Season 6;Jon Snow’s not a king
davos;Season 6;No, he’s not
tormund;Season 6;I need a good drink to help me sleep the night before a fight You want some? I have a jug of sour goat’s milk stronger than any of that grape water you southern twats like sucking on
davos;Season 6;No, thanks It does sound delicious, but I better keep a clear head I can never sleep the night before a battle
tormund;Season 6;So what do you do all night?
davos;Season 6;I walk Think and walk Think and walk until I’m far enough away from camp that no one can hear me shitting my guts out
tormund;Season 6;Happy shitting
jon;Season 6;My lady You weren’t at the war council
melisandre;Season 6;I’m not a soldier
jon;Season 6;Any advice?
melisandre;Season 6;Don’t lose
jon;Season 6;If I do, if I fall, don’t bring me back
melisandre;Season 6;I’ll have to try
jon;Season 6;I’m ordering you not to bring me back
melisandre;Season 6;I am not your servant, Jon Snow
jon;Season 6;You’re in my camp I’m the commander
melisandre;Season 6;I serve the Lord of Light I do what he commands
jon;Season 6;How do you know what he commands?
melisandre;Season 6;I interpret his signs as well as I can If the Lord didn’t want me to bring you back, how did I bring you back? I have no power Only what he gives me and he gave me you
jon;Season 6;Why?
melisandre;Season 6;I don’t know Maybe you’re only needed for this small part of his plan and nothing else Maybe he brought you here to die again
jon;Season 6;What kind of god would do something like that?
melisandre;Season 6;The one we’ve got
tyrion;Season 6;Last time we saw each other was at Winterfell, yes? You were making jokes about my height, I seem to recall Everyone who makes a joke about a dwarf’s height thinks he’s the only person ever to make a joke about a dwarf’s height The height of nobility,” a man of your stature,” someone to look up to.” You’re all making the same five or six jokes
theon;Season 6;It was a long time ago
tyrion;Season 6;It was And how have things been going for you since then? Not so well, I gather Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had been going well
theon;Season 6;I didn’t murder the Stark boys But I did things that were just as bad or worse
yara;Season 6;And he paid for them
tyrion;Season 6;Doesn’t seem like it He’s still alive It was complicated for you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell Never quite knowing who you were But then, we all live complicated lives, don’t we?
daenerys;Season 6;You’ve brought us 100 ships from the Iron Fleet with men to sail them In return, I expect you want me to support your claim to the throne of the Iron Islands?
theon;Season 6;Not my claim Hers
daenerys;Season 6;And what’s wrong with you?
theon;Season 6;I’m not fit to rule
tyrion;Season 6;We can agree upon that at least
daenerys;Season 6;Has the Iron Islands ever had a queen before?
yara;Season 6;No more than Westeros
theon;Season 6;Our Uncle Euron returned home after a long absence He murdered our father and took the Salt Throne from yara He would have murdered us if we had stayed
daenerys;Season 6;Lord Tyrion tells me your father was a terrible king
yara;Season 6;You and I have that in common
daenerys;Season 6;We do And both murdered by a usurper as well
daenerys;Season 6;Will their ships be enough?
tyrion;Season 6;With the former Masters’ fleet, possibly Barely There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet
theon;Season 6;There are and Euron is building more He’s going to offer them to you
daenerys;Season 6;So why shouldn’t I wait for him?
theon;Season 6;The Iron Fleet isn’t all he’s bringing He also wants to give you -
yara;Season 6;His big cock, I think he said Euron’s offer is also an offer of marriage, you see You won’t get one without the other
daenerys;Season 6;And I imagine your offer is free of any marriage demands?
yara;Season 6;I never demand, but I’m up for anything, really
theon;Season 6;He murdered our father and would have murdered us He’ll murder you as soon as you have what he wants
tyrion;Season 6;The Seven Kingdoms
theon;Season 6;All of them
daenerys;Season 6;And you don’t want the Seven Kingdoms?
theon;Season 6;Your ancestors defeated ours and took the Iron Islands We ask you to give them back
daenerys;Season 6;And that’s all?
yara;Season 6;We’d like you to help us murder an uncle or two who don’t think a woman’s fit to rule
daenerys;Season 6;Reasonable
tyrion;Season 6;What if everyone starts demanding their independence?
daenerys;Season 6;She’s not demanding, she’s asking The others are free to ask as well Our father were evil men, all of us here They left the world worse than they found it We’re not going to do that We’re going to leave the world better than we found it
daenerys;Season 6;You will support my claim as queen of the Seven Kingdoms and respect the integrity of the Seven Kingdoms No more reaving, roving, raiding, or raping
yara;Season 6;That’s our way of life
daenerys;Season 6;No more
yara;Season 6;No more
ramsay;Season 6;Do you like games, little man? Let’s play a game Run to your brother The sooner you make it to him, the sooner you get to see him That’s it That’s the game Easy Ready? Go
ramsay;Season 6;No, you have to run, remember? Those are the rules
tormund;Season 6;Don’t
davos;Season 6;Prepare to charge! Prepare to charge
davos;Season 6;Go! Go! Follow your commander
tormund;Season 6;Run and fight
ramsay;Season 6;Now
kar;Season 6;Cavalry, charge
davos;Season 6;We’ll just kill our own men Stand down
ramsay;Season 6;Loose
jon;Season 6;Get word -
davos;Season 6;We may as well be taking shits back here
davos;Season 6;Follow
ramsay;Season 6;It’s time, go
smalljon;Season 6;Who owns the North?
all;Season 6;We do
smalljon;Season 6;Who owns the North?
all;Season 6;We do
smalljon;Season 6;Show me
tormund;Season 6;Hey
man;Season 6;Infantry, advance
davos;Season 6;With me, lads! Break their line
man;Season 6;Tormund
man;Season 6;Get him back
tormund;Season 6;Fuck this, come on
ramsay;Season 6;Their army’s gone
man;Season 6;Our army’s gone
ramsay;Season 6;We have Winterfell They don’t have the men for a siege All we have to do is wait
ramsay;Season 6;You suggested one on one combat, didn’t you?
ramsay;Season 6;I’ve reconsidered I think that sounds like a wonderful idea
jon;Season 6;We’re going to bury my brother in the crypt next to my father
sansa;Season 6;Jon
sansa;Season 6;Where is he?
ramsay;Season 6;Ah Sansa Hello, Sansa Is this where I’ll be staying now? No Our time together is about to come to an end That’s all right You can’t kill me I’m part of you now
sansa;Season 6;Your words will disappear Your house will disappear Your name will disappear All memory of you will disappear
ramsay;Season 6;My hounds will never harm me
sansa;Season 6;You haven’t fed them in seven days You said it yourself
ramsay;Season 6;They’re loyal beasts
sansa;Season 6;They were Now they’re starving
ramsay;Season 6;Sit Down Down Down Down Down
attendant;Season 6;Your Grace The trial will be getting underway soon
mistress;Season 6;You got my money?
pycelle;Season 6;Later Go away
girl;Season 6;Grand Maester
high sparrow;Season 6;Ser Loras Tyrell Are you prepared to stand trial and profess your guilt or innocence before the Seven?
loras;Season 6;There’ll be no need for a trial I confess before the Seven and freely admit to my crimes
high sparrow;Season 6;To which crimes will you be confessing?
loras;Season 6;All of them I lay with other men including the traitor Renly Baratheon
loras;Season 6;I perjured myself before the gods I am guilty of depravity dishonesty, profligacy, and arrogance I see that now I humble myself before the Seven and accept whatever punishment the gods deem just
high sparrow;Season 6;The gods’ judgment is fierce, but also fair The Warrior punishes those who believe themselves beyond the reach of justice But the Mother shows her mercy to those who kneel before her
loras;Season 6;I take full responsibility for my many sins and unburden myself of my desires My only remaining wish is to devote my life to the Seven May I be a living example of their grace for others to witness
high sparrow;Season 6;You understand fully what this means?
loras;Season 6;I do I will abandon the Tyrell name and all that goes with it I will renounce my lordship and my claims on Highgarden I will never marry and I will never father children
high sparrow;Season 6;Brother Loras
high sparrow;Season 6;I ask you to dedicate your life to the seven gods
high sparrow;Season 6;Will you fight to defend your faith against heretics and apostates?
loras;Season 6;I will
mace;Season 6;No, I can’t let them
margaery;Season 6;Faith is the way, Father
tommen;Season 6;All right I’m ready
tommen;Season 6;I have to go, I’m I’m late for the trial
margaery;Season 6;You mutilated him You gave me your word
high sparrow;Season 6;I’ve kept my word Once the queen mother’s trial is concluded, Brother Loras is free to leave
margaery;Season 6;And where is the queen mother?
lancel;Season 6;Her litter never left the Red Keep
high sparrow;Season 6;It appears the queen mother doesn’t wish to attend her own trial
high sparrow;Season 6;Go to the Red Keep and show her the way
lancel;Season 6;Get the others
pycelle;Season 6;Where’s the king?
qyburn;Season 6;Elsewhere, I’m afraid
pycelle;Season 6;What’s the meaning of this? I was told that I have more important things to do with my time than waste them in the presence-
qyburn;Season 6;Please, Grand Maester I bear you no ill will Please forgive me if you can
qyburn;Season 6;This pains me, my lord Whatever your faults, you do not deserve to die alone in such a cold, dark place But sometimes before we can usher in the new, the old must be put to rest
lancel;Season 6;The longer you wait, the worse it’ll be for you
lancel;Season 6;What are you doing?
margaery;Season 6;There’s something wrong
high sparrow;Season 6;You have nothing to fear, Your Grace The trial will begin shortly
margaery;Season 6;Cersei is not here Tommen is not here Why do you think they are not here?
high sparrow;Season 6;If the accused is not here, she will be tried regardless We cannot escape the justice of the gods-
margaery;Season 6;Forget about the bloody gods and listen to what I’m telling you Cersei understands the consequences of her absence and she is absent anyway, which means she does not intend to suffer those consequences The trial can wait We all need to leave
margaery;Season 6;We all need to leave now
margaery;Season 6;Loras Stay with me
margaery;Season 6;Let me through Let me through Get out of my way
margaery;Season 6;Let us through
cersei;Season 6;Confess Confess
septa unella;Season 6;No
cersei;Season 6;Confess
cersei;Season 6;Confess It felt good Beating me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me You didn’t do it because you cared about my atonement You did it because it felt good I understand I do things because they feel good I drink because it feels good I killed my husband because it felt good to be rid of him I fuck my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me I lie about fucking my brother because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites I killed your High Sparrow and all his little sparrows all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain No thought has ever given me greater joy Even confessing feels good under the right circumstances
cersei;Season 6;You’ve always been quiet
cersei;Season 6;I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died Do you remember?
septa unella;Season 6;Good I’m glad to see your face I’m ready to meet the gods
cersei;Season 6;What? Now? Today? You’re not going to die today You’re not going to die for quite a while Ser Gregor
cersei;Season 6;This is Ser Gregor Clegane He’s quiet, too
cersei;Season 6;Your gods have forsaken you This is your god now
septa unella;Season 6;No
cersei;Season 6;Shame
cersei;Season 6;Shame
cersei;Season 6;Shame
attendant;Season 6;I’m very sorry, Your Grace Very sorry
walder;Season 6;For House Lannister
men;Season 6;Hear me roar
walder;Season 6;For House Frey
men;Season 6;We stand together
walder;Season 6;May we stand together through the centuries, good friends to the last
walder;Season 6;And when we drive our swords through our enemies’ hearts, may we speak the words of our alliance, The Freys and the Lannisters send their regards
bronn;Season 6;You don’t even have to do anything, do you?
bronn;Season 6;You just sit there, a rich slab of beef, and all the birds come pecking
jaime;Season 6;You’re welcome to her
bronn;Season 6;She doesn’t want me She wants your golden fingers up her twat
jaime;Season 6;Those two have their eyes on you
bronn;Season 6;They have their eyes on you, cunt
jaime;Season 6;Not my type
bronn;Season 6;Not blonde enough?
jaime;Season 6;Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of Blackwater Bay
jaime;Season 6;There you go
bronn;Season 6;Maybe I’m not in the mood
bronn;Season 6;Fuck it
bronn;Season 6;No need to call me ser just because I’m an anointed knight
walder;Season 6;This came together rather well Your father would be pleased
jaime;Season 6;I’m sure he would be
walder;Season 6;Edmure is back in a cell Can’t go killing my son by law It wouldn’t be right Give the family a bad name
walder;Season 6;So the famous Blackfish killed by footsoldiers, eh? Legendary warrior, everyone said
jaime;Season 6;Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Frey?
walder;Season 6;I’m a bit old for all that
jaime;Season 6;No, but back in your day
walder;Season 6;The purpose of fighting is defeating your enemies, isn’t it?
walder;Season 6;I’ve defeated mine Riverrun belonged to House Tully for a thousand years Now it’s mine What do you call that? Victory
jaime;Season 6;Yes, you’re a great conqueror
walder;Season 6;Go on, mock me, boy You think I mind? The Tullys mocked me for years The Starks mocked me Where are they now? You talk about war as if you’re an expert but the one battle I remember you fighting, you were captured by Robb Stark, the Young Wolf But it doesn’t matter Here we are now, two kingslayers We know what it’s like to have them grovel to our faces and snigger behind our backs We don’t mind, do we? Fear is a marvelous thing
jaime;Season 6;They don’t fear the Freys, though They fear the Lannisters We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands If we have to ride north and take them back for you every time you lose them, why do we need you?
cersei;Season 6;Show me
qyburn;Season 6;Your Grace, there’s no need-
cersei;Season 6;Show me
qyburn;Season 6;What are your thoughts concerning the king’s funeral? As the Sept of Baelor is no longer an option, perhaps a ceremony in the throne room?
cersei;Season 6;He should be with his grandfather, his brother, his sister Burn him and bury his ashes where the sept once stood
sam;Season 6;Hello
sam;Season 6;From Lord Commander Snow at Castle Black
sam;Season 6;I’m I’m to be the new maester
maester;Season 6;Oh
maester;Season 6;According to our records, Jeor Mormont is Lord Commander
sam;Season 6;He died
maester;Season 6;We received no report from the maester at Castle Black
sam;Season 6;Maester Aemon became quite ill shortly after the election He’s since passed away Which is why I’m here
maester;Season 6;This is irregular
sam;Season 6;Yes, well, I suppose that life is irregular
maester;Season 6;The archmaester will discuss these irregularities with you In the meantime, you are permitted to use the library Follow me
maester;Season 6;No women or children
jon;Season 6;When we had feasts, our family would sit up here and I’d sit down there
melisandre;Season 6;Could have been worse, Jon Snow You had a family You had feasts
jon;Season 6;Aye, you’re right I was luckier than most
jon;Season 6;What is that?
davos;Season 6;Tell him Tell him who it belonged to
melisandre;Season 6;The Princess Shireen
davos;Season 6;Tell him what you did to her Tell him
melisandre;Season 6;We burned her at the stake
davos;Season 6;Why?
melisandre;Season 6;The army was trapped The horses were dying It was the only way
davos;Season 6;You burned a little girl alive
melisandre;Season 6;I only do what my Lord commands
davos;Season 6;If he commands you to burn children, your Lord is evil
melisandre;Season 6;We are standing here because of him Jon Snow is alive because the Lord willed it
davos;Season 6;I loved that girl like she was my own She was good She was kind And you killed her
melisandre;Season 6;So did her father So did her mother Her own blood knew it was the only way
davos;Season 6;The only way for what? They all died anyway! You told everyone Stannis was the one You had him believing it, all of them fooled And you lied
melisandre;Season 6;I didn’t lie I was wrong
davos;Season 6;Aye, you were wrong How many died because you were wrong?
davos;Season 6;I ask your leave to execute this woman for murder She admits to the crime
jon;Season 6;Do you have anything to say for yourself?
melisandre;Season 6;I’ve been ready to die for many years If the Lord was done with me, so be it, but he’s not You’ve seen the Night King, Jon Snow You know the great war is still to come You know the army of the dead will be upon us soon And you know I can help you win that war
jon;Season 6;Ride south today If you return to the North, I’ll have you hanged as a murderer
davos;Season 6;If you ever come back this way, I will execute you myself
jon;Season 6;I’m having the lord’s chamber prepared for you
sansa;Season 6;Mother and Father’s room? You should take it
jon;Season 6;I’m not a Stark
sansa;Season 6;You are to me
jon;Season 6;You’re the Lady of Winterfell You deserve it We’re standing here because of you The battle was lost until the Knights of the Vale rode in They came because of you You told me Lord Baelish sold you to the Boltons
jon;Season 6;And you trust him?
sansa;Season 6;Only a fool would trust Littlefinger I should have told you about him, about the Knights of the Vale I’m sorry
jon;Season 6;We need to trust each other We can’t fight a war amongst ourselves We have so many enemies now
sansa;Season 6;Jon
sansa;Season 6;A raven came from the Citadel A white raven Winter is here
jon;Season 6;Well, Father always promised, didn’t he?
olenna;Season 6;The last time a Tyrell came to Dorne, he was assassinated 100 red scorpions, was it?
ellaria;Season 6;You have nothing to fear from us, Lady Olenna
olenna;Season 6;You murder your own prince, but you expect me to trust you?
obara;Season 6;We invited you to Dorne because we needed your help You came to Dorne because you needed our help?
olenna;Season 6;What is your name again? Barbaro?
obara;Season 6;Obara
olenna;Season 6;Obara You look like an angry little boy Don’t presume to tell me what I need
nymeria;Season 6;Forgive my sister What she lacks in diplomacy, she makes-
olenna;Season 6;Do shut up, dear
olenna;Season 6;Anything from you?
olenna;Season 6;No? Good Let the grown women speak
ellaria;Season 6;The Lannisters have declared war on House Tyrell They have declared war on Dorne We must be allies now if we wish to survive
olenna;Season 6;Cersei stole the future from me She killed my son She killed my grandson She killed my granddaughter Survival is not what I’m after now
ellaria;Season 6;You’re absolutely right I chose the wrong words It is not survival I offer It is your heart’s desire
olenna;Season 6;And what is my heart’s desire?
ellaria;Season 6;Vengeance Justice
varys;Season 6;Fire and blood
daario;Season 6;Your ships are nearly ready I saw them painting the sails
daario;Season 6;I’m curious to see how the Dothraki do on the poison water
daenerys;Season 6;You’re not coming with us
daario;Season 6;New strategy? You want the Second Sons to attack from the west coast? If we take Casterly Rock, the Lannisters will have nowhere to run when you hit King’s Landing
daenerys;Season 6;You’re not going to Westeros You’re staying here with the Second Sons There’s finally peace in Meereen You will keep the peace while the people choose their own leaders
daario;Season 6;Fuck Meereen Fuck the people I’m here for you, not them
daenerys;Season 6;You promised me My sword is yours My life is yours.” This is what I command If I’m going to rule in Westeros, I’ll need to make alliances The best way to make alliances is with marriage
daario;Season 6;Who are you marrying this time?
daenerys;Season 6;I don’t know Maybe no one
daario;Season 6;But you need to lure all the noble houses to the table? Are you a queen or fish bait?
daenerys;Season 6;I can’t bring a lover to Westeros
daario;Season 6;A king wouldn’t think twice about it
daenerys;Season 6;So that’s what you want? To be my mistress?
daario;Season 6;I’m not proud I don’t care what perfumed aristocrat sits beside you in the throne room I don’t want a crown I want you
daario;Season 6;I love you And I make you happy You know I do Bring me with you Let me fight for you
daenerys;Season 6;I can’t
daario;Season 6;The dwarf told you to do this
daenerys;Season 6;No one tells me to do anything
daario;Season 6;Clever fellow Can’t argue with his logic I’m no use to you over there
daenerys;Season 6;Don’t get angry
daario;Season 6;I’m not angry I’m full of self-pity Who comes after you? Who can ever follow Daenerys Stormborn, the Mother of Dragons?
daenerys;Season 6;A great number of women, I imagine Specific orders will be left for you regarding the welfare of Meereen and the Bay of Dragons
daario;Season 6;Bay of Dragons?
daenerys;Season 6;We can’t call it Slaver’s Bay anymore, can we?
daario;Season 6;You’ll get that throne you want so badly, I’m sure of it I hope it brings you happiness
daario;Season 6;I pity the lord of Westeros They have no idea what’s coming for them
daenerys;Season 6;Farewell, Daario Naharis
tyrion;Season 6;How did he take it?
daenerys;Season 6;No tears
tyrion;Season 6;I know it was hard for you You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms That’s the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if it’s any consolation
daenerys;Season 6;It’s not
tyrion;Season 6;No, I suppose not I’m terrible at consoling
daenerys;Season 6;Yes, you really are
tyrion;Season 6;All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons Everything you’ve ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything It’s all yours for the taking Are you afraid?
tyrion;Season 6;Good You’re in the great game now And the great game’s terrifying The only people who aren’t afraid of failure are madmen like your father
daenerys;Season 6;Do you know what frightens me? I said farewell to a man who loves me A man I thought I cared for And I felt nothing Just impatient to get on with it
tyrion;Season 6;He wasn’t the first to love you and he won’t be the last
daenerys;Season 6;Well, you have completely failed to console me
tyrion;Season 6;For what it’s worth, I’ve been a cynic for as long as I can remember Everyone’s always asking me to believe in things family, gods, kings, myself It was often tempting until I saw where belief got people So I said no, thank you to belief And yet here I am
tyrion;Season 6;I believe in you It’s embarrassing, really I’d swear you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword
daenerys;Season 6;It’s your counsel I need
tyrion;Season 6;It’s yours Now and always
daenerys;Season 6;Good I, um I had something made for you I’m not sure if it’s right
daenerys;Season 6;Tyrion Lannister, I name you Hand of the Queen
walder;Season 6;You’re not one of mine, are you?
handmaiden;Season 6;No, my lord
walder;Season 6;Didn’t think so Too pretty
walder;Season 6;Where are my damn moron sons? Black Walder and Lothar promised to be here by midday
handmaiden;Season 6;They’re here, my lord
walder;Season 6;Well, what are they doing, trimming their cunt hairs? Tell them to come here now
handmaiden;Season 6;But they’re already here, my lord
handmaiden;Season 6;Here, my lord
handmaiden;Season 6;They weren’t easy to carve Especially Black Walder
walder;Season 6;What
arya;Season 6;My name is Arya Stark I want you to know that The last thing you’re ever going to see is a Stark smiling down at you as you die
littlefinger;Season 6;Forgive me, my lady if you’re at prayer
sansa;Season 6;I’m done with all that I came here every day when I was a girl I prayed to be somewhere else Back then I only ever thought about what I wanted, never about what I had
sansa;Season 6;I was a stupid girl
littlefinger;Season 6;You were a child
sansa;Season 6;What do you want?
littlefinger;Season 6;I thought you knew what I wanted
sansa;Season 6;I was wrong
littlefinger;Season 6;No, you weren’t Every time I’m faced with a decision, I close my eyes and see the same picture Whenever I consider an action, I ask myself will this action help to make this picture a reality? Pull it out of my mind and into the world? And I only act if the answer is yes A picture of me on the Iron Throne and you by my side
sansa;Season 6;It’s a pretty picture
littlefinger;Season 6;News of this battle will spread quickly through the Seven Kingdoms I’ve declared for House Stark for all to hear
sansa;Season 6;You’ve declared for other houses before, Lord Baelish It’s never stopped you from serving yourself
littlefinger;Season 6;The past is gone for good You can sit here mourning its departure or you can prepare for the future You, my love, are the future of House Stark Who should the North rally behind? A trueborn daughter of Ned and Catelyn Stark born here at Winterfell or a motherless bastard born in the south?
benjen;Season 6;This is where I leave you
meera;Season 6;You’re not coming with us?
benjen;Season 6;The Wall is not just ice and stone Ancient spells were carved into its foundations Strong magic to protect men from what lies beyond And while it stands, the dead cannot pass I cannot pass
meera;Season 6;Where will you go?
benjen;Season 6;The great war is coming and I still fight for the living I’ll do what I can as long as I can
bran;Season 6;Thank you, Uncle Benjen
benjen;Season 6;I wish you both good fortune
meera;Season 6;Are you sure you’re ready for this?
bran;Season 6;I’m the Three-Eyed Raven now I have to be ready for this
lyanna;Season 6;Ned?
ned;Season 6;Lyanna
lyanna;Season 6;Is that you? Is that really you?
lyanna;Season 6;You’re not a dream
ned;Season 6;No, I’m not a dream I’m here Right here
lyanna;Season 6;I’ve missed you, big brother
ned;Season 6;I’ve missed you, too
lyanna;Season 6;I want to be brave
ned;Season 6;Shh You are
lyanna;Season 6;I’m not
lyanna;Season 6;I don’t want to die
ned;Season 6;You’re not going to die
ned;Season 6;Get her some water
lyanna;Season 6;No, no water
ned;Season 6;Is there a maester?
lyanna;Season 6;Please Listen to me, Ned
lyanna;Season 6;If Robert finds out, he’ll kill him, you know he will You have to protect him Promise me, Ned Promise me
lyanna;Season 6;Promise me, Ned Promise me
vale knight;Season 6;You can’t expect Knights of the Vale to side with wildling invaders
tormund;Season 6;We didn’t invade We were invited
vale knight;Season 6;Not by me
jon;Season 6;The free folk, the northerners, and the Knights of the Vale fought bravely, fought together, and we won My father uses to say we find our true friends on the battlefield
man;Season 6;The Boltons are defeated The war is over Winter has come If the maesters are right, it’ll be the coldest one in a thousand years We should ride home and wait out the coming storms
jon;Season 6;The war is not over And I promise you, friend, the true enemy won’t wait out the storm He brings the storm
lyanna;Season 6;Your son was butchered at the Red Wedding, Lord Manderly But you refused the call You swore allegiance to House Stark, Lord Glover, but in their hour of greatest need, you refused the call And you, Lord Cerwyn, your father was skinned alive by Ramsay Bolton Still you refuse the call But House Mormont remembers The North remembers We know no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark I don’t care if he’s a bastard Ned Stark’s blood runs through his veins He’s my king from this day until his last day
manderly;Season 6;Lady Mormont speaks harshly and truly My son died for Robb Stark, the Young Wolf I didn’t think we’d find another king in my lifetime I didn’t commit my men to your cause cause I didn’t want more Manderlys dying for nothing But I was wrong Jon Snow avenged the Red Wedding He is the White Wolf ing in the North
glover;Season 6;I did not fight beside you on the field and I will regret that until my dying day A man can only admit when he was wrong and ask forgiveness
jon;Season 6;There’s nothing to forgive, my lord
glover;Season 6;There will be more fights to come House Glover will stand behind House Stark as we have for a thousands years And I will stand behind Jon Snow the King in the North
glover;Season 6;ing in the North
all;Season 6;ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North! ing in the North
jaime;Season 6;Come on
qyburn;Season 6;I now proclaim Cersei of the House Lannister First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms
qyburn;Season 6;Long may she reign
walder frey;Season 7;Youre wonder why I brought you all here After all, we just had a feast Since when does old Walder give us two feasts in a single fortnight?
walder frey;Season 7;Well, its no good being lord of the Riverlands if you cant celebrate with your family Thats what I say
walder frey;Season 7;Ive gathered every Frey who means a damn thing so I can tell you my plans for this great house now that winter has come But first, a toast! No more of that Dornish horse piss! This is the finest Arbor gold! Proper wine for proper heroes
waldery frey;Season 7;Stand together
all;Season 7;Stand together
walder;Season 7;Not you Im not wasting good wine on a damn woman
walder;Season 7;Maybe Im not the most pleasant man Ill admit it But Im proud of you lot Youre my family, the men who helped me slaughter the Starks at the Red Wedding
walder;Season 7;Yes, yes Cheer Brave men, all of you Butchered a woman pregnant with her babe Cut the throat of a mother of five Slaughtered your guests after inviting them into your home But you didnt slaughter every one of the Starks
walder;Season 7;No, no, that was your mistake You should have ripped them all out, root and stem
walder;Season 7;Leave one wolf alive and the sheep are never safe
arya;Season 7;When people ask you what happened here, tell them the North remembers Tell them winter came for House Frey
edd;Season 7;You wildlings?
meera;Season 7;Im Meera Reed, daughter of Howland Reed This is Brandon Stark, son of Ned Stark
edd;Season 7;How do I know thats true?
bran;Season 7;You were at the Fist of the First Men You were at Hardhome Youve seen the Army of the Dead Youve seen the Night King Hes coming for us For all of us
edd;Season 7;Okay, come on Lets get them inside
jon;Season 7;I want every northern maester to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass Dragonglass kills white walkers Its more valuable to us now than gold We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and arrow
robett;Season 7;Its about time we taught these boys of summer how to fight
jon;Season 7;Not just the boys
jon;Season 7;We cant defend the North if only half the population is fighting
robett;Season 7;You expect me to put a spear in my granddaughters hand?
lyanna;Season 7;I dont plan on knitting by the fire while men fight for me I might be small, Lord Glover, and I might be a girl, but I am every bit as much a Northerner as you
robett;Season 7;Indeed you are, my lady No one has questioned-
lyanna;Season 7;And I dont need your permission to defend the North
lyanna;Season 7;Well begin training every man, woman, boy, and girl on Bear Island
jon;Season 7;While were preparing for attack, we need to shore up our defenses The only thing standing between us and the Army of the Dead is the Wall and the Wall hasnt been properly manned in centuries Im not the king of the Free Folk
jon;Season 7;But if were going to survive this winter together.
tormund;Season 7;You want us to man the castles for you?
jon;Season 7;Last time we saw the Night King was at Hardhome The closest castle to Hardhome is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea
tormund;Season 7;Then thats where Ill go Looks like were the Nights Watch now
jon;Season 7;If they breach the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold
yohn;Season 7;The Umbers and the Karstarks betrayed the North Their castles should be torn down with not a stone left standing
sansa;Season 7;The castles committed no crimes And we need every fortress we have for the war to come We should give the Last Hearth and Karhold to new families, loyal families who supported us against Ramsay
all;Season 7;Aye
jon;Season 7;The Umbers and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for centuries Theyve kept faith for generation after generation
sansa;Season 7;And then they broke faith
jon;Season 7;Im not going to strip these families of their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons
sansa;Season 7;So theres no punishment for treason and no reward for loyalty?
jon;Season 7;The punishment for treason is death Smalljon Umber died on the field of battle Harald Karstark died on the field of battle
sansa;Season 7;They died fighting for Ramsay Give the castles to the families of the men who died fighting for you
jon;Season 7;When I was Lord Commander of the Nights Watch I executed men who betrayed me I executed men who refused to follow orders My father always said, The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword, and I have tried to live by those words But I will not punish a son for his fathers sins, and I will not take a family home away from a family it has belonged to for centuries That is my decision, and my decision is final
jon;Season 7;Ned Umber
jon;Season 7;Alys Karstark
jon;Season 7;For centuries, our families fought side by side on the battlefield I ask you to pledge your loyalty once again to House Stark, to serve as our bannermen and come to our aid whenever called upon
jon;Season 7;Stand
jon;Season 7;Yesterdays wars dont matter anymore The North needs to band together, all the living north Will you stand beside me, Ned and Alys, now and always? NED
alys;Season 7;Now and always
jon;Season 7;You are my sister, but I am king now
sansa;Season 7;Will you start wearing a crown?
jon;Season 7;When you question my decisions in front of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me
sansa;Season 7;So I cant question your decisions anymore?
jon;Season 7;Of course you can, but-
sansa;Season 7;Joffrey never let anyone question his authority You think he was a good king?
jon;Season 7;Do you think Im Joffrey?
sansa;Season 7;Youre as far from Joffrey as anyone Ive ever met
jon;Season 7;Thank you
sansa;Season 7;Youre good at this, you know
jon;Season 7;At what?
sansa;Season 7;At ruling
jon;Season 7;No
sansa;Season 7;You are You are They respect you, they really do, but you have to-
sansa;Season 7;Why are you laughing?
jon;Season 7;What did father used to say? Everything before the word but is horse shit
sansa;Season 7;He never said that to me
jon;Season 7;No No, he never cursed in front of his girls
sansa;Season 7;Because he was trying to protect us He never wanted us to see how dirty the world really is, but Father couldnt protect me and neither can you Stop trying
jon;Season 7;All right, Ill stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me
sansa;Season 7;Im not trying to undermine you
sansa;Season 7;You have to be smarter than Father You need to be smarter than Robb I loved them, I miss them, but they made stupid mistakes, and they both lost their heads for it
jon;Season 7;And how should I be smarter? By listening to you?
sansa;Season 7;Would that be so terrible?
wolkan;Season 7;A raven from Kings Landing, Your Grace
jon;Season 7;Cersei of House Lannister, First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms
sansa;Season 7;What does she want?
jon;Season 7;Come to Kings Landing Bend the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors
sansa;Season 7;Youve been so consumed with the enemy to the north, youve forgotten about the one to the south
jon;Season 7;Im consumed with the Night King because Ive seen him And believe me, youd think of little else if you had, too
sansa;Season 7;We still have a wall between us and the Night King Theres nothing between us and Cersei
jon;Season 7;Theres a thousand miles between us and Cersei Winter is here The Lannisters are a southern army Theyve never ranged this far north
sansa;Season 7;Youre the military man, but I know her If youre her enemy, shell never stop until shes destroyed you Everyone whos ever crossed her, shes found a way to murder
jon;Season 7;You almost sound as if you admire her
sansa;Season 7;I learned a great deal from her
jaime;Season 7;What is this?
cersei;Season 7;Its what weve been waiting for our whole lives Its what Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not
jaime;Season 7;He knew it Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain
cersei;Season 7;Its ours now, we just have to take it
cersei;Season 7;Youve been quiet since you came home Are you angry with me?
jaime;Season 7;No, not angry
cersei;Season 7;Are you afraid of me?
jaime;Season 7;Should I be?
cersei;Season 7;Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand Right now, theyre sailing across the Narrow Sea, hoping to take back her fathers throne Our little brother, the one you love so much, the one you set free, the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel Hes out there somewhere at the head of an armada Where will they land?
jaime;Season 7;Dragonstone
jaime;Season 7;They have deep-water ports for the ships Stannis left the castle unoccupied, and thats where she was born
cersei;Season 7;Enemies to the east
cersei;Season 7;Enemies to the south Ellaria Sand and her brood of bitches
cersei;Season 7;Enemies to the west Olenna, the old cunt Another traitor
cersei;Season 7;Enemies to the north Ned Starks bastard has been named King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him Enemies everywhere Were surrounded by traitors Youre in command of the Lannister army now How do we proceed?
jaime;Season 7;Winter is here We cant win a war if we cant feed our men and our horses The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock
cersei;Season 7;Will the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
jaime;Season 7;If they think Daenerys will win No one wants to fight on the losing side Right now, we look like the losing side
cersei;Season 7;Im the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms
jaime;Season 7;Three kingdoms, at best Im not sure you understand how much danger were in
cersei;Season 7;I understand were in a war for survival I understand whoever loses dies I understand whoever wins could launch a dynasty that lasts a thousand years
jaime;Season 7;A dynasty for whom? Our children are dead Were the last of us
cersei;Season 7;A dynasty for us, then
jaime;Season 7;We never talked about Tommen
cersei;Season 7;Theres nothing to say
jaime;Season 7;Our baby boy killed himself
cersei;Season 7;He betrayed me He betrayed us both Should we spend our days mourning the dead mother, father, and all our children?
jaime;Season 7;Cersei-
cersei;Season 7;I loved them I did But theyre ashes now and were still flesh and blood Were the last Lannisters, the last ones who count
jaime;Season 7;Even Lannisters cant survive without allies Where are our allies now? You saw what happened to Walder Frey and his family
cersei;Season 7;I heard How could we ever trust a man like that?
jaime;Season 7;We couldnt He was a useless, old coward, but the Freys supported us Now theyre all dead Whoever killed them is no friend of ours We need allies Stronger, better allies We cant win this war alone
cersei;Season 7;You think I listened to Father for 40 years and learned nothing?
jaime;Season 7;The Greyjoys? You invited the Greyjoys to Kings Landing?
cersei;Season 7;Not all of them
jaime;Season 7;Well, it looks like all of them
cersei;Season 7;I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King of the Iron Islands You said yourself we needed stronger, better allies There you are
jaime;Season 7;How are they better allies? How are they different from the Freys? They both broke their promises and murdered their former friends as soon as it suited them
cersei;Season 7;So does everyone when it suits them Unlike the Freys, they have ships And theyre good at killing
jaime;Season 7;Theyre not good at anything I know the Ironborn Theyre bitter, angry little people All they know how to do is steal things they cant build or grow themselves
cersei;Season 7;Euron Greyjoy didnt come here for that
jaime;Season 7;Oh, what did he come here for, then?
cersei;Season 7;A queen
euron;Season 7;The moment I was chosen Lord of the Iron Islands, they turned on me Their own uncle They stole my best ships and ran Sailed the right across the world and gave them to the Dragon Queen so she could bring her armies here to attack you
euron;Season 7;Its nothing compares to the treason you suffered at the hands of a family members, from what I hear But still, it bothers me Murdering them would make me feel a lot better And since it appears that all our treasonous family members are fighting for the same side, I thought we rightful monarchs could murder them together
jaime;Season 7;Youre not a rightful monarch, though, are you?
jaime;Season 7;The Greyjoys rebelled agains the throne for the right to be monarchs, but as I recall, you were soundly defeated Come to mention it, werent you the one who started that rebellion by sailing to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet? You certainly caught us there Very smart move on your part Of course, we all made it to the Iron Islands anyway I was there
euron;Season 7;I remember very well I saw you I heard so much talk The best in the world No one can stop him I didnt believe it, to be honesty But I must say, when you rushed through the breach and started cutting people down it was glorious Like a dance
jaime;Season 7;The people I was cutting down were your own kin
euron;Season 7;The place was getting crowded I enjoyed watching it I truly did
jaime;Season 7;And I enjoyed killing Greyjoys
euron;Season 7;A good thing for me If you hadnt crushed us, I wouldnt have gone into exile If I hadnt done that, I wouldnt be the greatest captain on the 14 seas
cersei;Season 7;If not the most humble
euron;Season 7;Youre not humble Youre the queen of a great nation You dont care about the Iron Islands Theyre nothing but rocks and bird shit and and a lot of very unattractive people The Iron Fleet, on the other hand, thats something else entirely Its the greatest armada Westeros has ever seen With the Iron Fleet, you own the seas You can defeat the invaders of the east and the pretenders of the north and south
cersei;Season 7;What do you want in return?
euron;Season 7;Ever since I was a little boy, I wanted to grow up and mary the most beautiful woman in the world So here I am, with a thousand ships and two good hands
cersei;Season 7;I decline your proposal
euron;Season 7;Why?
cersei;Season 7;Youre not trustworthy Youve broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity You murdered your own brother
euron;Season 7;You should try it Feels wonderful
euron;Season 7;I dont expect you to trust me outright You need proof of my honest intentions In my experience, the surest way to a womans heart is with a gift A priceless gift I wont return to Kings Landing until I have that for you
marwyn;Season 7;Ah, Maester Weyland A drinkers liver if ever I saw one
marwyn;Season 7;Weigh that
marwyn;Season 7;The triumph of transitory pleasures Mankinds curse
sam;Season 7;Archmaester, I was wondering.
marwyn;Season 7;Whats the weight?
sam;Season 7;Um, 147
sam;Season 7;I was wondering if you had considered my proposition
marwyn;Season 7;I dont remember your proposition
sam;Season 7;I asked you if, in light of what Ive seen in the North, if I could have access to the restricted area of the library
marwyn;Season 7;That area is reserved for maesters Are you a maester?
sam;Season 7;No
marwyn;Season 7;Not a very strong proposition, is it?
sam;Season 7;Archmaester, with respect, Ive seen them the Army of the Dead The white walkers W was sent here to learn how to defeat them, but everyone in the Citadel, those who will even talk to me, they all doubt the walkers ever existed in the first place
marwyn;Season 7;Everyone in the Citadel doubts everything Its their job But the tales of the Long Night cant be pure fabrication Too many similarities from unconnected sources
sam;Season 7;Sources in the restricted area?
marwyn;Season 7;The very same And the simplest explanation for your grating obsession with the white walkers is that youre telling the truth and that you saw what you say you saw
sam;Season 7;So, you believe me
marwyn;Season 7;I do Youll finish weighing that heart?
sam;Season 7;That makes you the only person south of the Twins who does
marwyn;Season 7;Were not lie the people south of the Twins And were not like the people north of the Twins In the Citadel, we lead different lives for different reasons We are this worlds memory, Samwell Tarly Without us, men would be little better than dogs Dont remember any meal but the last, cant see forward to any but the next And every time you leave the house and shut the door, they howl like youre gone forever When Roberts Rebellion was raging, people that the end was near The end of the Targaryen dynasty How will we survive? When Aegon Targaryen turned his eye westward and flew his dragons to Blackwater Rush The end is near! How will we survive? And thousands of year before that, during the Long Night, we can forgive them for thinking it truly was the end But it wasnt None of it was The Wall has stood through it all And every winter that ever came has ended
marwyn;Season 7;Be a good lad Clean this up
brienne;Season 7;Nope
brienne;Season 7;Nope
tormund;Season 7;Youre a lucky man
littlefinger;Season 7;Ive heard she beat the Hound in single combat Shes a very impressive woman
sansa;Season 7;What do you want, Lord Baelish?
littlefinger;Season 7;I want you to be happy I want you to be safe
sansa;Season 7;I am safe Im at home, surrounded by friends I have Brienne to protect me from anyone who would harm me
littlefinger;Season 7;What about happy? Why arent you happy? What do you want that you do not have?
sansa;Season 7;At the moment, peace and quiet
sansa;Season 7;No need to seize the last word, Lord Baelish Ill assume it was something clever
littlefinger;Season 7;My lady
littlefinger;Season 7;My lady
brienne;Season 7;Why is he still here?
sansa;Season 7;We need his men Without the Vale, Ramsay Bolton would still hold this castle Littlefinger saved us
brienne;Season 7;He wants something
sansa;Season 7;I know exactly what he wants
man;Season 7;He rode through the streets of the city / Down from his hill on high / Oer the winds and the steps and the cobble / He rode to a womans sigh / For she was his secret treasure / She was his shame and his bliss / And a chain and a keep are nothing / Compared to a womans kiss / For hands of gold are always cold / But a womans hands are warm / For hands of gold are always cold / But a womans hands are-
arya;Season 7;Thats a pretty song Ive never heard it before
man;Season 7;Its a new one
man;Season 7;Are you hungry? Weve got some rabbit
arya;Season 7;I dont want to steal your food
man;Season 7;Youre not stealing, were offering Come on, its gonna be a cold night
man;Season 7;You heading south?
arya;Season 7;Kings Landing
man;Season 7;Poor girl
arya;Season 7;Not so bad, is it?
man;Season 7;Depends on your taste, I guess If you like your streets covered in shit and pigs blood, its the town for you
man;Season 7;All my life, I wanted to see the Red Keep, the Sept of Baelor, the Dragonpit Then when I finally make it, they wouldnt let me within a mile of the Red Keep, the Sept of Baelors blown to hell, and the Dragonpit is a damn ruin
man;Season 7;The people who live there, theyd skin you alive if they could make two coppers off your hide
man;Season 7;Worst place in the world
arya;Season 7;What are you doing in the Riverlands?
man;Season 7;Theres been some trouble with the Freys up at The Twins, so were part of the army thats been sent to keep the peace
man;Season 7;Here you go Guests first
arya;Season 7;Oh, no, I couldnt You dont have enough
man;Season 7;My mother always told me to be kind to strangers Strangers will be kind to you
arya;Season 7;Youre a long way from home Im sure youve had some adventures, though
man;Season 7;"Yeah, endless adventures Theyll be singing about us for a thousand years MAN 3; The truth is when we left home, we couldnt wait to get away But now weve been gone a while, we cant wait to get home"
man;Season 7;I just think about my dad out there on his boat all alone I ought o be out there with him
man;Season 7;My wifes just had our first baby
arya;Season 7;Boy or girl?
man;Season 7;Oh, who knows? You think soldiers get ravens with news from home?
man;Season 7;I hope its a girl
arya;Season 7;Why?
man;Season 7;Girls take care of their papas when their papas grow old Boys just go off to fight in someone elses wars
man;Season 7;Are you old enough to drink?
man;Season 7;Its blackberry wine I made it myself
arya;Season 7;Its really good
man;Season 7;So, why is a nice girl on her own heading to Kings Landing?
arya;Season 7;Im going to kill the queen
thoros;Season 7;Bad night to be outdoors
sandor;Season 7;Youve got real powerful magic to figure that out Did the Lord of Light whisper that in your ear? Its snowing, Thoros Its windy Its gonna be a cold night
thoros;Season 7;Youre a grouchy old bear, arent you, Clegane? You want some rum?
sandor;Season 7;Dont like that shit Its too sweet
thoros;Season 7;Why are you always in such a foul mood?
sandor;Season 7;Experience
beric;Season 7;This seems like a good place to spend the night
sandor;Season 7;These people dont want us here
beric;Season 7;Seems deserted to me No livestock No smoke coming from the chimney
sandor;Season 7;I dont like the look of it
thoros;Season 7;For a big, hard man, you scare easy
sandor;Season 7;Ill tell you what doesnt scare me bald cocksuckers like you You think youre fooling anyone with that top knot? Bald cunt
thoros;Season 7;Come on Maybe theyve got some ale hidden away
sandor;Season 7;They dont
house thoros;Season 7;See if theres a larder They always leave something behind
beric;Season 7;How do you think it ended for them?
sandor;Season 7;With death
beric;Season 7;Girl died in her fathers arms Both of them covered in blood and a knife at their feet Id say they were starving And rather than letting his little girl suffer, he ended it for both of them
sandor;Season 7;Doesnt matter now
beric;Season 7;No, doesnt matter now
sandor;Season 7;Ive known you a long time, Dondarrion
beric;Season 7;Aye I think the first time we met was at that tournament-
sandor;Season 7;And I always thought you were dull as dirt
sandor;Season 7;Youre not bad I dont hate you Dont like, but youre not bad
beric;Season 7;Thank you, Clegane That warms the heart
sandor;Season 7;But theres nothing special about you
beric;Season 7;Youre right about that
sandor;Season 7;So why does the Lord of Light keep bringing you back? Ive met better men than you, and theyve been hanged from crossbeams, or beheaded, or just shat themselves to death in a field somewhere None of them came back So, why you?
beric;Season 7;You think I dont ask myself that? Every hour of every day? Why am I here? What am I supposed to do? What does the Lord see in me?
sandor;Season 7;And?
beric;Season 7;I dont know I dont understand our Lord
sandor;Season 7;Your Lord
beric;Season 7;I dont know what He wants from me I only know that He wants me alive
sandor;Season 7;If hes so all-powerful, why doesnt he just tell you what the fuck he wants?
thoros;Season 7;Clegane
thoros;Season 7;Come over here Dont worry The fire wont bite I want to show you something
sandor;Season 7;Its my fucking luck I end up with a band of fire worshippers
beric;Season 7;Aye Almost seems like divine justice
sandor;Season 7;Theres no divine justice, you dumb cunt If there was, youd be dead and that girl would be alive
sandor;Season 7;What do you want?
thoros;Season 7;Look into the flames
sandor;Season 7;I dont want to look in the damn flames
thoros;Season 7;You saw me bring him back from the dead after you cut him down Dont you want to know what gave me the power?
sandor;Season 7;I keep asking and no one wants to tell me
thoros;Season 7;We cant tell you Only the fire can tell you
thoros;Season 7;What do you see?
sandor;Season 7;Logs burning
thoros;Season 7;Keep looking What do you see?
sandor;Season 7;Ice A wall of ice The Wall
thoros;Season 7;What else?
sandor;Season 7;Its where the Wall meets the sea Theres a castle there
sandor;Season 7;Theres a mountain Looks like an arrowhead The dead are marching past
sandor;Season 7;Thousands of them
beric;Season 7;Do you believe me now, Clegane? Do you believe were here for a reason?
house thoros;Season 7;What the hell are you doing, Clegane?
sandor;Season 7;Burying the dead
thoros;Season 7;You knew these people
sandor;Season 7;Not really
sandor;Season 7;We ask the Father to judge us with mercy We ask the Mother to Fuck it, I dont remember the rest Im sorry youre dead You deserved better Both of you
little sam;Season 7;Mom
gilly;Season 7;You should really sleep, Sam
sam;Season 7;The dead dont
gilly;Season 7;Legends of the Long Night
sam;Season 7;The Targaryens used dragonglass to decorate their weapons without even knowing what the First Men used it for
gilly;Season 7;What is it?
sam;Season 7;Its a map of Dragonstone The Targaryens built their first stronghold there when they invaded Westeros
gilly;Season 7;Thats dragonglass?
sam;Season 7;A mountain of it Beneath the ground Stannis told me, but I didnt think This is important Jon needs to know
jorah;Season 7;Has she come yet?
sam;Season 7;Who?
jorah;Season 7;The Dragon Queen Daenerys Stormborn
sam;Season 7;Havent heard anything
daenerys;Season 7;Shall we begin?
tyrion;Season 7;On a night like this, you came into the world
varys;Season 7;I remember that storm All the dogs in Kings Landing howled through the night
daenerys;Season 7;I wish I could remember it
daenerys;Season 7;I always thought this would be a homecoming It doesnt feel like home
tyrion;Season 7;We wont stay on Dragonstone for long
daenerys;Season 7;Good
daenerys;Season 7;Not so many lions
varys;Season 7;Cersei controls fewer than half the Seven Kingdoms The lord of Westeros despise her Even before your arrival, they plotted against her Now.
daenerys;Season 7;They cry out for their true queen? They drink secret toasts to my health?
daenerys;Season 7;People used to tell my brother that sort of thing, and he was stupid enough to believe them
daenerys;Season 7;If Viserys had three dragons and an army at his back, hed have invaded Kings Landing already
tyrion;Season 7;Conquering Westeros would be easy for you But youre not here to be queen of the ashes
daenerys;Season 7;No
tyrion;Season 7;We can take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse If the great houses support your claim against Cersei, the game is won With the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the south
daenerys;Season 7;I never properly thanked you for that
varys;Season 7;They joined our side, my queen, because they believe in you
daenerys;Season 7;You served my father, didnt you, Lord Varys?
varys;Season 7;I did
daenerys;Season 7;And then you served the man who overthrew him?
varys;Season 7;I had a choice, Your Grace serve Robert Baratheon or face the headmans axe
daenerys;Season 7;But you didnt serve him long You turned against him
varys;Season 7;Robert was an improvement on your father, to be sure There have been few rulers in history as cruel as the Mad King Robert was neither mad nor cruel He simply had no interest in being king
daenerys;Season 7;So you took it upon yourself to find a better one
tyrion;Season 7;Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the east who-
daenerys;Season 7;Before I came to power, you favored my brother All your spies, your little birds, did they tell you Viserys was cruel, stupid, and weak? Would those qualities have made for a good king in your learned opinion?
varys;Season 7;Until your marriage to Khal Drogo, Your Grace, I knew nothing about you, save your existence and that you were said to be beautiful
daenerys;Season 7;So you and your friends traded me like a prized horse to the Dothraki
varys;Season 7;Which you turned to your advantage
daenerys;Season 7;Who gave the order to kill me?
varys;Season 7;King Robert
daenerys;Season 7;Who hired the assassins?
daenerys;Season 7;Who sent word to Essos to murder Daenerys Targaryen?
varys;Season 7;Your Grace, I did what had to be done to-
daenerys;Season 7;To keep yourself alive
tyrion;Season 7;Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant
daenerys;Season 7;Proven himself loyal? Quite the opposite If he dislikes one monarch, he conspires to crown the next one What king of a servant is that?
varys;Season 7;The kind the realm needs Incompetence should not be rewarded with blind loyalty As long as I have my eyes, Ill use them I wasnt born into a great house I came from nothing I was sold as a slave and carved up as an offering When I was a child, I lived in alleys, gutters, abandoned houses You wish to know where my true loyalties lie? Not with any king or queen, but with the people The people who suffer under despots and prosper under just rule The people whose hearts you aim to win If you demand blind allegiance, I respect your wishes Grey Worm can behead me or your dragons can devour me But if you let me live, I will serve you well I will dedicate myself to seeing you on the Iron Throne because I choose you Because I know the people have no better chance than you
daenerys;Season 7;Swear this to me, Varys If you ever think Im failing the people, you wont conspire behind my back Youll look me in the eye as you have done today, and youll tell me how Im failing them
varys;Season 7;I swear it, my queen
daenerys;Season 7;And I swear this if you ever betray me, Ill burn you alive
varys;Season 7;I would expect nothing less from the Mother of Dragons
grey worm;Season 7;Forgive me, my queen A red priestess from Asshai has come to see you
melisandre;Season 7;Queen Daeneys, I was a slave once, bought and sold, scourged and branded It is an honor to meet the Breaker of Chains
daenerys;Season 7;The Red Priests helped bring peace to Meereen You are very welcome here What is your name?
melisandre;Season 7;I am called Melisandre
varys;Season 7;She once served another who wanted the Iron Throne It didnt end well for Stannis Baratheon, did it?
melisandre;Season 7;No, it didnt
daenerys;Season 7;You chose an auspicious day to arrive at Dragonstone
daenerys;Season 7;Weve just decided to pardon those who served the wrong king
daenerys;Season 7;The Lord of Light doesnt have many followers in Westeros, does he?
melisdandre;Season 7;Not yet But even those who dont worship the Lord can serve his cause
daenerys;Season 7;What does your Lord expect from me?
melisandre;Season 7;The Long Night is coming Only the prince who was promised can bring the dawn
daenerys;Season 7;The prince who was promised will bring the dawn Im afraid Im not a prince
missandei;Season 7;Your Grace, forgive me, but your translation is not quite accurate That noun has no gender in High Valyrian, so the proper translation for that prophecy would be the prince or princess who was promised will bring the dawn
tyrion;Season 7;Doesnt really roll off the tongue, does it?
daenerys;Season 7;No, but I like it better
daenerys;Season 7;And you believe this prophecy refers to me?
melisandre;Season 7;Prophecies are dangerous things I believe you have a role to play, as does another ing in the North, Jon Snow
tyrion;Season 7;Jon Snow? Ned Starks bastard?
daenerys;Season 7;You know him?
tyrion;Season 7;I traveled with him to the Wall when he joined the Nights Watch
varys;Season 7;And why do you think the Lord of Light singled out this Jon Snow aside from the visions youve seen in the flames, that is?
melisandre;Season 7;As Lord Commander of the Nights Watch he allowed the Wildlings south of the Wall to protect them from great danger As King in the North he has united those Wildlings with the northern houses so together they may face their common enemy
daenerys;Season 7;He sounds like quite a man
melisandre;Season 7;Summon Jon Snow Let him stand before you and tell you things that have happened to him, the things that he has seen with his own eyes
tyrion;Season 7;I cant speak to prophecies or visions in the flames, but I like Jon Snow and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character
tyrion;Season 7;If he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his brother Jon Snow has even more reason to hate Cersei than you do
daenerys;Season 7;Very well Send a raven north Tell Jon Snow that his Queen invites him to come to Drangonstone and bend the knee
sansa;Season 7;Do you think its really Tyrion? It could be someone trying to lure you into a trap
jon;Season 7;Read the last bit
sansa;Season 7;All dwarfs are bastards in their fathers eyes What does that mean?
jon;Season 7;Its something he said to me the first night we met You know him better than any of us What do you think?
sansa;Season 7;Tyrion is not like the other Lannisters He was always kind to me, but its too great a risk The Seven Kingdoms will bleed as long as Cersei sits on the Iron Throne Join us Together we can end her tyranny
davos;Season 7;Sounds like a charmer Of course, the casual mention of a Dothraki horde, a legion of Unsullied and three dragons, a bit less charming
jon;Season 7;What?
davos;Season 7;Fire kills Whites, you told me What breathes fire?
sansa;Season 7;Youre not suggesting Jon meet with her?
davos;Season 7;No, too dangerous
jon;Season 7;But?
davos;Season 7;But if the Army of the Dead makes it passed the Wall, do we have enough men to fight them?
cersei;Season 7;If the Mad Kings daughter takes the Iron Throne, she will destroy the Realm as we know it Some of you are bannermen of House Tyrell But House Tyrell is in open rebellion against the Crown With their help the Mad Kings daughter has ferried an army of savages to our shores Mindless Unsullied soldiers who will destroy your castles and your holdfasts Dothraki heathens who will burn your villages to the ground, rape and enslave your women, and butcher your children without a second thought This is how Olenna Tyrell rewards centuries of service and loyalty
cersei;Season 7;You all remember the Mad King You remember the horrors he inflicted upon his people His daughter is no different In Essos her brutality is already legendary She crucified hundreds of noblemen in Slavers Bay And when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons
cersei;Season 7;It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords We must stand together, all of us, if we hope to stop her
randyll;Season 7;She has three full-grown dragons, Your Grace The same as Aegon when he conquered the Seven Kingdoms How do you propose to stop them?
qyburn;Season 7;We are currently at work on a solution, My Lord
jaime;Season 7;Lord Tarley
randyll;Season 7;Ser, Jaime I believe you know my son
dickon;Season 7;Ser, Jaime
jaime;Season 7;Rickon, isnt it?
dickon;Season 7;Dickon
jaime;Season 7;Thats it
jaime;Season 7;Thank you for coming The other lords of the Reach look to you for guidance now more than ever They might not have come if you hadnt
randyll;Season 7;If my queen summons me, I answer the call And Ive heard what she does to those that defy her
jaime;Season 7;Do you ride for Hornhill today?
randyll;Season 7;I have an army to mobilize It wont be long until the fighting starts
jaime;Season 7;And what side will you be fighting for? You were the only man to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -
randyll;Season 7;Its a long ride back to the reach, Ser Jaime How may I serve?
jaime;Season 7;I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her enemies All of her enemies
randyll;Season 7;Including Olenna Tyrell? Im a Tarley That name means something Were not oath breakers Were not schemers We dont stab our rivals in the back or cut their throats at weddings I swore an oath to House Tyrell
jaime;Season 7;You swore an oath to the Crown as well, Lord Tarley
randyll;Season 7;Ive known Olenna since I was a child
jaime;Season 7;She was a great woman, once Now shes broken She wants revenge so badly she brought the Dothraki to our shores The Dothraki in Westeros for the first time in history I know you dont like my sister, but you have to make a choice Do you fight with us or with the foreign savages and eunuchs?
jaime;Season 7;When the war is won the queen will need a new warden of the south I can think of no better man than Randyll Tarley
cut to;Season 7;CITADEL
quarantine rooms marwyn;Season 7;The infection has spread too far You should have cut off your arm the moment you were touched
jorah;Season 7;How long?
marwyn;Season 7;It will be years before it kills you It could be 10, could be 20
jorah;Season 7;But how long till.
marwyn;Season 7;Your mind? Six months, maybe fewer
sam;Season 7;Pardon, Archmaester I met Stannis Baratheons daughter at Castle Black She had Greyscale as a baby and was cured Isnt there some way -
marwyn;Season 7;Does this look like a baby to you?
sam;Season 7;No
marwyn;Season 7;Have you studied the varying rates of Greyscale progression in infants and fully grown men?
sam;Season 7;No
marwyn;Season 7;Maester Chrissen discovered Shireen Baratheons affliction immediately
marwyn;Season 7;This is quite advanced and beyond our skills, Ser Were you a commoner Id have you shipped to Valyria at once to live out your life with the Stone Men As an anointed Knight Ill allow you one more day How you choose to spend that time is up to you
marwyn;Season 7;Come, Samwell
sam;Season 7;Should we send word to your family, Ser.
jorah;Season 7;Jorah Jorah Mormont
sam;Season 7;Mormont?
jorah;Season 7;Theres no need Ive been dead to them for years
marwyn;Season 7;Come, Samwell
cut to;Season 7;UNDER THE RED KEEP
dungeons qyburn;Season 7;Have you ever been down here, Your Grace?
cersei;Season 7;No, I cant say I have I havent seen these since Robert had them removed from the Throne Room
qyburn;Season 7;Curious that King Robert did not have them destroyed
cersei;Season 7;They were his trophies He couldnt keep them around They would have made him look small Sometimes he would come down here and look at them I believe he brought his whores on occasion
qyburn;Season 7;Balerion the Dread The beast that Aegon rode across the sea Its flames forged the Iron Throne and brought the Seven Kingdoms to heel Powerful, but not invincible
qyburn;Season 7;Apparently one of Daenarys dragons was wounded by spears in the fighting pits of Meereen If they can be wounded, they can be killed
qyburn;Season 7;The finest artilleters and blacksmiths in Kings Landing have been laboring day and night, Your Grace If youd kindly pull that lever
yara;Season 7;If you want the Iron Throne, take it We have an army, a fleet, and three dragons We should hit Kings Landing now Hard With everything we have The city will fall within a day
tyrion;Season 7;If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms
ellaria;Season 7;Its called war You dont have the stomach for it, scurry back into hiding
tyrion;Season 7;I know how you wage war We dont poison little girls here Myrcella was innocent
ellaria;Season 7;She was a Lannister There are no innocent Lannisters My greatest regret is that Oberyn died fighting for you
daenerys;Season 7;Thats enough Tyrion is the Hand of the Queen You will treat him with respect
daenerys;Season 7;I am not here to be queen of the ashes
olenna;Season 7;Thats very nice to hear Of course, I cant remember a queen who was better loved than my grand daughter The common people loved her, the nobles loved her And what is left of her now? Ashes Commoners, nobles, theyre all just children really They wont obey you unless they fear you
daenerys;Season 7;Im grateful to you, Lady Olenna, for your council Im grateful to all of you But you have chosen to follow me I will not attack Kings Landing We will not attack Kings Landing
oleanna;Season 7;Then how do you mean to take the Iron Throne? By asking nicely?
daenerys;Season 7;We will lay siege to the capital surrounding the city on all sides Cersei will have the Iron Throne but no food for her army or the people
tyrion;Season 7;But we wont use Dothraki and Unsullied
tyrion;Season 7;Cersei will try to rally the lords of Westeros by appealing to their loyalty, their love for their country If we besiege the city with foreigners, we prove her point Our army should be Westerosi
ellia;Season 7;And I suppose were providing the Westerosi?
tyrion;Season 7;You are
tyrion;Season 7;Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear and her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to Kings Landing
tyrion;Season 7;The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell army Two great kingdoms united against Cersei
olenna;Season 7;So, your master plan is to use our armies? Forgive me for asking, but why did you bother to bring your own?
tyrion;Season 7;The unsullied will have another objective For decades House Lannister has been the true power in Westeros And the seat of that power is Casterly Rock Grey Worm and the Unsullied will sail for the Rock and take it
daenerys;Season 7;Do I have your support?
yara;Season 7;You have mine
ellia;Season 7;Dorne is with you, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 7;Thank you all Lady Olenna, may I speak with you alone?
daenerys;Season 7;I realize youre here out of hatred for Cersei and not love for me But I swear to you she will pay for what shes done and we will bring peace back to Westeros
olenna;Season 7;Peace Do you think thats what we had under your father or his father or his? Peace never lasts, my dear Would you take a bit of advice from an old woman?
olenna;Season 7;Hes a clever man, your Hand Ive known a great many clever men Ive outlived them all Do you know why? I ignored them The lords of Westeros are sheep Are you a sheep? No Youre a dragon Be a dragon
grey worm;Season 7;Enter
missandei;Season 7;You leave tomorrow Were you going to say goodbye?
grey worm;Season 7;I will see you when I return
missandei;Season 7;But you dont know when that will be
greyworm;Season 7;No one knows
missandei;Season 7;I wish you good fortune
grey worm;Season 7;Missandei -
grey worm;Season 7;It is hard for me to say goodbye to you
missandei;Season 7;Why?
grey worm;Season 7;You know why
missandei;Season 7;I dont
grey worm;Season 7;You are my weakness
missandei;Season 7;Thats what I am? Your weakness?
grey worm;Season 7;When Unsullied are young their masters learn their fears One boy is scared of dogs One boy hates high places One is frightened of the ocean They make the boy sleep with dogs or climb a cliff They throw him in the water If he learns to swim, good If he drowns, good Either way, strong Unsullied But I had no fears I was never the biggest, never the strongest, but I was bravest always
missandei;Season 7;I believe it
grey worm;Season 7;Until I meet Missandei from the Isle of Naarth Now I have fear
missandei;Season 7;I do too
grey worm;Season 7;No
missandei;Season 7;I want to see you Please
marwyn;Season 7;It might be useful Fouthen was a dreadful writer but an excellent researcher
sam;Season 7;Archmaester, I wanted to -
marwyn;Season 7;And this one
marwyn;Season 7;Maester Faol was quite the opposite A brilliant stylist who invented half the stories he tells
sam;Season 7;I wanted to ask you -
marwyn;Season 7;If you need to write histories, Tarley, you have to do the research If you want people to read your histories, you need a bit of style Im not writing the Chronicle of the Wars Following the Death of King Robert the First so it can sit on a shelf unread
marwyn;Season 7;What? You dont like the title? What would you call it then?
sam;Season 7;Possibly something a bit more poetic?
marwyn;Season 7;Were not poets, Tarley
sam;Season 7;Archmaester, if I could just have a moment
marwyn;Season 7;This is your moment Use it wisely
sam;Season 7;I may have found a way to treat Ser Jorah There are two recorded cases of advanced Greyscale being cured I found the procedure in the Study of Rare Diseases by Archmaester Pilos
marwyn;Season 7;Im familiar with Archmaester Pylos and the Study of Rare Diseases
sam;Season 7;Oh, you are?
marwyn;Season 7;Yes Should I tell you how he died? From Greyscale
sam;Season 7;Oh
marwyn;Season 7;The procedure is far too dangerous which is why its now forbidden
sam;Season 7;Hello
jorah;Season 7;What are you doing?
sam;Season 7;Youre Jorah Mormont Youre the only son of Jeor Mormont
sam;Season 7;My name is Samwell Tarley Im a sworn brother of the Nights Watch training to serve as maester of Castle Black I knew your father I was with him when he died Youre not dying today, Ser Jorah
sam;Season 7;Drink this
jorah;Season 7;What is it?
sam;Season 7;Rum Drink it all, please Im afraid this is going to hurt
sam;Season 7;If you could take off your shirt
sam;Season 7;If you wouldnt mind, bite down hard Im sorry but no one knows Im here If they hear you screaming then were both finished
jorah;Season 7;Have you ever done this before?
sam;Season 7;No No one else will try, so Im the best youve got Have a seat Im going to remove the entire layer of infected tissue, then apply a medicinal ointment to the -
sam;Season 7;Shh, shhh Again, Im sorry Please try not to scream
cut to;Season 7;INN AT THE CROSSROADS
man;Season 7;They say her dragons are bigger than Aegons
man;Season 7;Horse shit Cersei is just trying to frighten us
man;Season 7;If its true, if she lays siege to Kings Landing prices will triple
man;Season 7;As long as we get back there before they start
man;Season 7;One more round Its a long ride
hot pie;Season 7;Ary
arya;Season 7;Hello, Hot Pie Sit down Whos that for?
arya;Season 7;Mmm This is good
hot pie;Season 7;You think so? The secret is browning the butter before making the dough Most people dont dont do that because it takes up too much time
arya;Season 7;I didnt do that
hot pie;Season 7;Youve been making pies?
arya;Season 7;One or two
hot pie;Season 7;I cant believe youre here Did you meet the big lady?
arya;Season 7;Big lady?
hot pie;Season 7;The lady knight I figured she was a knight because she had armor on She was looking for your sister but I told her about you Did she ever find you?
arya;Season 7;She found me
hot pie;Season 7;What happened to you Ary?
arya;Season 7;You got any ale?
hot pie;Season 7;Where are you heading?
arya;Season 7;Kings Landing
hot pie;Season 7;Why?
arya;Season 7;I heard Cerseis queen now
hot pie;Season 7;I heard she blew up the Great Sept That must have been something to see Boom
arya;Season 7;Hmm
hot pie;Season 7;I cant believe someone could do that
arya;Season 7;Cersei would do that
hot pie;Season 7;I thought youd be heading for Winterfell
arya;Season 7;Why would I go there? The Boltons have it
hot pie;Season 7;No The Boltons are dead
arya;Season 7;What?
hot pie;Season 7;Jon Snow came down from Castle Black with a Wildling army and won the Battle of the Bastards Hes King in the North now
arya;Season 7;Youre lying
hot pie;Season 7;Why would I lie about that? Hes your brother right?
arya;Season 7;Thanks for the pie
hot pie;Season 7;Friends dont pay I cant believe I thought you were a boy Youre pretty
arya;Season 7;Thanks
arya;Season 7;Take care of yourself, Hot Pie Try not to get killed
hot pie;Season 7;No, I wont Im like you, Ary Im a survivor
cut to;Season 7;INN AT THE CROSSROADS
kings quarters jon;Season 7;Come in
wolkan;Season 7;A raven, My King, from the Citadel
great hall jon;Season 7;This message was sent to me by Samwell Tarley He was my brother at the Nights Watch A man I trust as much as anyone in this world Hes discovered proof that Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass
jon;Season 7;I received this a few days ago from Dragonstone It was sent to me by Tyrion Lannister
jon;Season 7;Hes now Hand of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen She intends to take the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister She has a powerful army at her back and if this message is to be believed, three dragons
jon;Season 7;Lord Tyrion has invited me to Dragonstone to meet with Daenerys and Im going to accept
jon;Season 7;We need this Dragonglass, My Lords We know that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army We need to mine it and turn it into weapons
jon;Season 7;But more importantly, we need allies The Night Kings army grows larger by the day We cant defeat them on our own We dont have the numbers Daenerys has her own army and she has dragon fire I need to try and persuade her to fight with us Ser Davos and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone
sansa;Season 7;Have you forgotten what happened to our grandfather? The Mad King invited him to Kings Landing and roasted him alive
jon;Season 7;I know that
sansa;Season 7;She is here to reclaim the Iron Throne and the Seven Kingdoms The north is one of those seven kingdoms This isnt an invitation, its a trap
jon;Season 7;It could be, but I dont believe Tyrion would do that You know him Hes a good man
yohn royce;Season 7;Your Grace, with respect I must agree with Lady Sansa I remember the Mad King all too well A Targaryen cannot be trusted, nor can a Lannister
robett glover;Season 7;W calle you brothe king an the h rod sout an los hi kingdom
;Season 7;Winter is here, Your Grace We need the King in the North in the north
jon;Season 7;You all crowned me your king I never wanted it, I never asked for it, but I accepted it because the north is my home Its part of me and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds But the odds are against us None of you have seen the Army of the Dead None of you We can never hope to defeat them alone We need allies, powerful allies I know its a risk But I have to take it
sansa;Season 7;Then send an emissary Dont go yourself
jon;Season 7;Daenerys is a queen Only a king can convince her to help us It has to be me
sansa;Season 7;Youre abandoning your people Your abandoning your home
jon;Season 7;Im leaving both in good hands
sansa;Season 7;Whose?
jon;Season 7;Yours You are my sister You are the only Stark in Winterfell Until I return, the north is yours
littlefinger;Season 7;I delivered his bones myself I presented them to Lady Catlyn as a gesture of goodwill from Tyrion Lannister It seems like a lifetime ago Do give Lord Tyrion my best when you see him
littlefinger;Season 7;I was sorry when he died Your father and I had our differences but he loved Cat very much So did I She wasnt fond of you, was she? Well, it appears she vastly underestimated you Your father and brothers are gone, yet here you stand King in the North Last best hope against the coming storm
jon;Season 7;You dont belong down here
littlefinger;Season 7;Forgive me We have never talked properly I wanted to remedy that
jon;Season 7;I have nothing to say to you
littlefinger;Season 7;Not even thank you? If it werent for me youd have been slaughtered at that battlefield You have many enemies, My King, but I swear to you Im not one of them I love Sansa as I loved her mother
jon;Season 7;Touch my sister and Ill kill you myself
arya;Season 7;Nymeria?
arya;Season 7;Nymeria, its me, Arya Im heading north, girl, back to Winterfell Im finally going home Come with me
arya;Season 7;Come with me
arya;Season 7;Thats not you OF DORNE OF DORNE INT
yaras ship nymeria;Season 7;You cant have them all Its not fair
obara;Season 7;Im oldest
tyene;Season 7;Momma will want Cersei for herself
obara;Season 7;Shes not my momma You can have Cersei I want The Mountain
nymeria;Season 7;The Mountain killed father Hell crush you with one hand
tyene;Season 7;Father got careless Thats what Momma says
obara;Season 7;Will you shut up about Momma? Momma, momma
tyene;Season 7;Maybe Ill kill you both before we take Kings Landing and then I wont have to share OF DORNE INT OF YARAS SHIP
captains quarters ellaria;Season 7;How can you drink this piss? When we reach Sunspear Ill treat you to a Dornish red, the best in the world Have you ever been to Dorne?
yara;Season 7;A few times Never stayed long
ellaria;Season 7;A boy in every port?
yara;Season 7;A boy, a girl Depends on the port
ellaria;Season 7;Could we get some more?
yara;Season 7;I thought it wasnt for you
ellaria;Season 7;Im developing a taste for it
yara;Season 7;Hes not your servant
theon;Season 7;Its fine
ellaria;Season 7;So, youre going to be Queen of the Iron Islands
yara;Season 7;Once I kill my uncle
ellaria;Season 7;And what will you be, handsome?
theon;Season 7;Whatever my queen demands
yara;Season 7;Hell be my advisor, my protector
ellaria;Season 7;Oh, I see Your protector
ellaria;Season 7;So if someone gets too close to you -
yara;Season 7;He might have to intervene
ellaria;Season 7;hold that person back
yara;Season 7;Until theyve made their intentions known
ellaria;Season 7;Why are you standing all the way over there then? A foreign invasion is under way It seems like you dont need a protector
yara;Season 7;Stay here
yara;Season 7;Euron
yara;Season 7;Your mother is below deck Keep her safe OF DORNE CAPTAINS QUARTERS OF DORNE CAPTAINS QUARTERS OF DORNE
captains quarters ellaria;Season 7;Kill us! Get it over with
euron;Season 7;Give your uncle a kiss
euron;Season 7;Theon
euron;Season 7;Ah, come on your cockless hound I have her Come and get her
tyrion;Season 7;The bastard of Winterfell
jon;Season 7;The dwarf of Casterly Rock
tyrion;Season 7;I believe we last saw each other on top of the wall
jon;Season 7;You were pissing off the edge, if I remember right You picked up some scars along the road
tyrion;Season 7;Its been a long road But were both still here
tyrion;Season 7;Im Tyrion Lannister
davos;Season 7;Davos Seaworth and DAVOS shake hands
tyrion;Season 7;Ah, the Onion Knight We fought on opposite sides at the Battle of Blackwater Bay
davos;Season 7;Unluckily for me
tyrion;Season 7;Missandei is the queens most trusted advisor
missandei;Season 7;Welcome to Dragonstone Our queen knows this is a long journey She appreciates the effort you have made on her behalf If you wouldnt mind handing over your weapons
jon;Season 7;Of course
missandei;Season 7;Please, this way
davos;Season 7;Where are you from? I cant place the accent
missandei;Season 7;I was born on the Island of Naarth
davos;Season 7;Ah I hear its beautiful down there Palm trees and butterflies I havent been myself
davos;Season 7;This place has changed
tyrion;Season 7;And Sansa, I hear shes alive and well
jon;Season 7;She is
tyrion;Season 7;Does she miss me terribly?
tyrion;Season 7;A sham marriage and unconsummated
jon;Season 7;I didnt ask -
tyrion;Season 7;Well, it was It wasnt Anyway, shes much smarter than she lets on
jon;Season 7;Shes starting to let on
tyrion;Season 7;Good At some point I want to hear how a Knights Watch recruit became King in the North
jon;Season 7;As long as you tell me how a Lannister became Hand to Daenerys Targaryen
tyrion;Season 7;A long and bloody tale To be honest, I was drunk for most of it
jon;Season 7;My bannermen think Im a fool for coming here
tyrion;Season 7;Of course they do If I was your hand I would have advised against it General rule of thumb, Stark men dont fare well when they travel south
jon;Season 7;True But Im not a Stark
tyrion;Season 7;Id say you get used to them, but you never really do
tyrion;Season 7;Come Their mother is waiting for you
varys;Season 7;I wondered why you werent there to meet our guests You begged us to summon the King in the North Dont you want to see him again?
melisandre;Season 7;Ive done my part Ive brought ice and fire together
varys;Season 7;Strange You spoke so highly of Jon Snow but when he arrives you hide on a cliff I didnt take you for a bashful girl
melisandre;Season 7;My time whispering in the ears of kings has come to an end
varys;Season 7;Oh, I doubt that Give us common folk one taste of power were like the lion who tasted man Nothing is ever so sweet again
melisandre;Season 7;Neither of us is common folk anymore I did not part on good terms with the King in the North, or his advisor
varys;Season 7;Why?
melisandre;Season 7;Because of mistakes I made Terrible mistakes I would only be a distraction if I stayed
varys;Season 7;So where will you go?
melisandre;Season 7;Volantis
varys;Season 7;Good If you dont mind my saying, I dont think you should return to Westeros Im not sure youd be safe here
melisandre;Season 7;I will return, dear spider One last time
varys;Season 7;My Lady -
melisandre;Season 7;I have to die in this strange country, just like you
missandei;Season 7;You stand in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, rightful heir to the Iron Throne, rightful Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms, the Mother of Dragons, the Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, The Unburnt, The Breaker of Chains
davos;Season 7;This is Jon Snow
davos;Season 7;Hes King in the North
daenerys;Season 7;Thank you for traveling so far, My Lords I hope the seas werent too rough
jon;Season 7;The winds were kind, Your Grace
davos;Season 7;Apologies I have a Flea Bottom accent, I know But Jon Snow is King in the North, Your Grace Hes not a lord
daenerys;Season 7;Forgive me -
tyrion;Season 7;Your Grace, this is Ser Davos Seaworth
daerneys;Season 7;Forgive me, Ser Davos I never did receive a formal education, but I could have sworn the last King in the North was Torren Stark who bent the knee to my ancestor Aegon Targaryen in exchange for his life and the lives of the northmen Torren Stark swore fealty to House Targaryen in perpetuity But do I have my facts wrong?
davos;Season 7;I wasnt there, Your Grace
daenerys;Season 7;No Of course not But still, an oath is an oath In perpetuity means what does perpetuity mean, Lord Tyrion?
tyrion;Season 7;Forever
daenerys;Season 7;Forever So I assume, My Lord, that youre here to bend the knee
jon;Season 7;I am not
daenerys;Season 7;Oh Well, that is unfortunate Youve travelled all this way to break faith with House Targaryen?
jon;Season 7;Break faith? Your father burned my grandfather alive He burned my uncle alive He would have burned the Seven Kingdoms
daenerys;Season 7;My father was an evil man On behalf of House Targaryen I ask your forgiveness for the crimes he committed against your family And I ask you not to judge a daughter by the sins of her father Our two houses were allies for centuries Those were the best centuries the kingdoms ever known Centuries of peace and prosperity with the Targaryens sitting on the Iron Throne and a Stark serving as Warden of the North I am the last Targaryen, Jon Snow Honor the pledge your ancestor made to mine Bend the knee and I will name you Warden of the North Together we will save this country from those who would destroy it
jon;Season 7;Youre right Youre not guilty of your fathers crime And Im not beholden to my ancestors vows
daenerys;Season 7;Then why are you here?
jon;Season 7;Because I need your help and you need mine
daenerys;Season 7;Did you see three dragons flying overhead when you arrived?
jon;Season 7;I did
daenerys;Season 7;And did you see the Dothraki, all of whom have sworn to kill for me?
jon;Season 7;Theyre hard to miss
daenerys;Season 7;But still, I need your help?
davos;Season 7;Not to defeat Cersei You could storm Kings Landing tomorrow and the city would fall Hell, we almost took it and we didnt even have dragons
tyrion;Season 7;Almost
jon;Season 7;But you havent stormed Kings Landing Why not? The only reason I can see is you dont want to kill thousands of innocent people Its the fastest way to win the war but you wont do it Which means at the very least youre better than Cersei
daenerys;Season 7;Still, that doesnt explain why I need your help
jon;Season 7;Because right now you and I and Cersei and everyone else, were children playing at a game screaming that the rules arent fair
daenerys;Season 7;You told me you liked this man
tyrion;Season 7;I do
daenerys;Season 7;In the time since hes met me hes refused to call me queen, hes refused to bow and now hes calling me a child
tyrion;Season 7;I believe hes calling all of us children Figure of speech
jon;Season 7;Your Grace, everone you know will die before winter is over if we dont defeat the enemy to the north
daenerys;Season 7;As far as I can see, you are the enemy to the north
jon;Season 7;I am not your enemy The dead are the enemy
daenerys;Season 7;The dead?
daenerys;Season 7;Is that another figure of speech?
jon;Season 7;The Army of the Dead is on the march
tyrion;Season 7;The Army of the Dead?
jon;Season 7;You dont know me well, My Lord, but do you think I am a liar or a madman?
tyrion;Season 7;No, I dont think youre either of those things
jon;Season 7;The Army of the Dead is real The White Walkers are real night King is real Ive seen them If they get past the wall and were squabbling amongst ourselves -
jon;Season 7;were finished
daenerys;Season 7;I was born at Dragonstone Not that I can remember it
daenerys;Season 7;We fled before Roberts assassins could find us Robert was your fathers best friend, no? I wonder if your father knew his best friend sent assassins to murder a baby girl in her crib Not that it matters now of course I spent my life in foreign lands So many men have tried to kill me I dont remember all of their names I have been sold like a brood mare I have been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled Do you know what kept me standing through all those years in exile? Faith Not in any gods Not in myths and legends In myself In Daenerys Targaryen The world hadnt seen a dragon in centuries until my children were born The Dothraki hadnt crossed the sea Any sea
daenerys;Season 7;They did for me I was born to rule the Seven Kingdoms And I will
jon;Season 7;Youll be ruling over a graveyard if we dont defeat the Night King
tyrion;Season 7;The war against my sister has already begun You cant expect us to halt hostilities and join you in fighting -
tyrion;Season 7;whatever you saw beyond the wall
davos;Season 7;You dont believe him I understand that It sounds like nonsense
davos;Season 7;But if destiny has brough Daenerys Targaryen back to our shores, it has also made Jon Snow King in the North You were the first to bring Dothraki to Westeros He was the first to make allies with Wildlings and northmen He was named Lord Commander of the Nights Watch He was named King in the North Not because of his birthright He has no birthright Hes a damn bastard All those hard sons of bitches chose him as their leader because they believe in him
davos;Season 7;All those things you dont believe in, he faced those things He fought those things for the good of his people He risked his life for his people He took a knife in the heart for his people He gave his own -
davos;Season 7;If we dont put asside our enmities and band together we will die And then it doesnt matter whose skeleton sits on the Iron Throne
tyrion;Season 7;If it doesnt matter you might as well kneel
tyrion;Season 7;Swear your allegiance to Queen Daenerys Help her to defeat my sister and together our armies will protect the north
jon;Season 7;Theres no time for that Theres no time for any of this While we stand here debating -
tyrion;Season 7;It takes no time to bend the knee Pledge your sword to her cause
jon;Season 7;And why would I do that?
jon;Season 7;I mean no offense, Your Grace, but I dont know you As far as I can tell your claim to the throne rests entirely on your fathers name And my own father fought to overthrow the Mad King The lords of the north placed their trust in me to lead them And I will continue to do so as well as I can
daenerys;Season 7;Thats fair Its also fair to point out that Im the rightful queen of the Seven Kingdoms By declaring yourself king of the northern most kingdom, you are in open rebellion
daenerys;Season 7;You must forgive my manners You will both be tired after your long journey Well have baths drawn for you and supper sent to your rooms
jon;Season 7;Am I your prisoner?
daenerys;Season 7;Not yet
varys;Season 7;Our Iron Born and Dornish allies were attacked on route to Dorne
daenerys;Season 7;And?
varys;Season 7;Two or three ships escaped The rest sunk our captured Ellaria and the sand snakes dead or captured The Greyjoys are dead or captured
daenerys;Season 7;All of them?
of dorne captain;Season 7;Your sisters dead?
theon;Season 7;Euron has her
captain;Season 7;You saw him take her? And you got away?
theon;Season 7;I couldnt save her I tried
captain;Season 7;You wouldnt be here if you tried
streets euron;Season 7;This is the life Look at them Cheering for a Greyjoy
euron;Season 7;I have to be honest, its making me hard Did you see little Theons face right before he jumped overboard?
euron;Season 7;Oh no
euron;Season 7;What a twat
euron;Season 7;My queen Please accept this gift on behalf of all of your loyal subjects in the Iron Islands
euron;Season 7;I give you -
euron;Season 7;what no other man could give Justice Justice for your murdered daughter
cersei;Season 7;Youve proven yourself the greatest captain on the 14 seas and a true friend to the crown
euron;Season 7;A bit more than a true friend
cersei;Season 7;And you deserve a proper reward for your heroism
euron;Season 7;Theres only one reward I want
cersei;Season 7;You shall have what your heart desires -
cersei;Season 7;when the war is won
cersei;Season 7;With Euron Greyjoy commanding our naval forces and Jaime Lannister leading our armies, the sons and daugters of Westeros shall defend our country
euron;Season 7;Theres nothing quite like it, is there? The love of the people I suppose you wouldnt know
jaime;Season 7;This same mob spat at my sister not long ago, and if you turn on us, theyll cheer to see your head mounted on a spike
euron;Season 7;Or yours They just like severed heads really Listen, if you have any advice at all Id love to hear it when we have an hour or two to speak as brothers
jaime;Season 7;Advice?
euron;Season 7;Does she like it gentle or rough? A finger in the bum?
euron;Season 7;Shhh, shhh, shhh, not now Well talk later
cut to;Season 7;RED KEEP
cersei;Season 7;I want you to know I understand Even though were enemies, you and I, I understand the fear that drives you I was there that day when Ser Gregor crushed your lovers head I close my eyes I can hear the sound of Oberyns skull breaking
cersei;Season 7;The sound of your scream I never heard a sound like that I thought, thats true love Oberyn looked beautiful that day He really did No one moved like him No one had such skill with a spear Even Ser Gregor couldnt stop him If only he hadnt taunted him He could have walked away and left poor Ser Gregor to die But that wasnt your lovers way, was it? Now hes burried somewhere And here Ser Gregor is stronger than ever That must be difficult for you When my daughter was taken from me, my only daughter, well, you cant imagine how that feels unless youve lost a child I fed her at my own breast even though they told me to give her to the wet nurse I couldnt bear to see her in another womans arms I never got to have a mother But Myrcella did She was mine and you took her from me Why did you do that?
cersei;Season 7;It doesnt matter now
cersei;Season 7;Your daughter is a beauty too Brown eyes, those lips A perfect Dornish beauty
cersei;Season 7;I imagine she is your favorite
cersei;Season 7;I know, I know, were not supposed to have favorites But still, were only human We love who we love
cersei;Season 7;Im sorry I cant understand you The gag makes it difficult to understand what youre saying It must be frustrating
cersei;Season 7;We all make our choices You chose to murder my daughter You must have felt powerful after you made that choice
cersei;Season 7;Do you feel powerful now? I dont sleep very well, not at all really I lie in bed and I stare at the canopy and imagine ways of killing my enemies How to destroy Ellaria Sand, the woman who murdered my only daughter I thought about having Ser Gregor crush your skull the way he did Oberyns It would be poetic I suppose but fast Too fast
cersei;Season 7;I thought about having him crush your daughters skull
cersei;Season 7;Shes so beautiful The thought of this lovely face cracking open like a duck egg, no, its just not right
tyene;Season 7;Momma
cersei;Season 7;Qyburn, hes the cleverest man I know Clever enough to learn what poison you used to murder Myrcella The long goodbye, was that it?
qyburn;Season 7;The Long Farewell
cersei;Season 7;Thats the one
cersei;Season 7;How long does the poison take?
qyburn;Season 7;Difficult to say Hours, days, it depends on the subjects constitution
cersei;Season 7;But death is certain?
qyburn;Season 7;Oh yes, Your Grace, quite certain
cersei;Season 7;Your daughter will die here in this cell You will be here watching when she does You will be here the rest of your days If you refuse to eat we will force food down your throat You will live to watch your daughter rot, to watch that beautiful face collapse to bone and dust all the while contemplating the choices youve made
cersei;Season 7;Make sure the guards change the torches every few hours I dont want her to miss a thing
cut to;Season 7;RED KEEP
jaimes quarters jaime;Season 7;No
jaime;Season 7;Dont
jaime;Season 7;What are you doing? No one can see us like this ?
cersei;Season 7;I am queen of the Seven Kingdoms Ill do as I please
messenger;Season 7;Forgive me, Your Grace The visitor from Braavos has arrived
cersei;Season 7;Good And well need fresh sheets for the bed
messenger;Season 7;At once, Your Grace
cut to;Season 7;RED KEEP
council room tycho;Season 7;No, thank you
tycho;Season 7;My condolences, Your Grace, on the death of your son From all reports he was a fine young man
cersei;Season 7;The Iron Bank didnt send you hear to offer condolences
tycho;Season 7;Condolences and congratulations Youve become the first ruling queen in the Seven Kingdoms Thats quite an accomplishment The Iron Bank appreciates how you cast off the yoke of superstition freeing the crown from elements that sought to subvert the rule of law
cersei;Season 7;The destruction of the Sept of Baelor was a tragic accident
tycho;Season 7;Indeed But sometimes tragedies are necessary to restore order and rational leadership
cersei;Season 7;The Iron Bank wants its gold back
tycho;Season 7;Your father never minced words either But, yes, your debts are considerable And you are now engaged in a conflict on several fronts We both know how expensive war can be
cersei;Season 7;And we both know gold wins wars Your vaults are empty Your late husbands profligacy saw to that
tycho;Season 7;Your wealthiest ally is the Tyrells who are now your enemies Youre surrounded on all sides by rivals for the throne
cersei;Season 7;And the Iron Bank wants to bet on a winner
tycho;Season 7;We dont make bets We invest in endeavors we deem likely to be successful
cersei;Season 7;Thats a fancy way of saying bet The war has already begun Ive drawn first blood I decapitated the Dornish snake My armada owns the Narrow Sea
tycho;Season 7;Euron Greyjoys armada owns the Narrow Sea
cersei;Season 7;Euron Greyjoy is loyal to me
tycho;Season 7;For now Daenerys Targaryen has three full grown dragons How well do wooden ships fare against fire breathing dragons?
cersei;Season 7;Her dragons might not be as invulnerable as some think Now, lets talk about the Targaryen girl You want to invest in her? Im guessing the Iron Bank invested considerable gold in the slave trade How are you profits now that Daenerys has freed all the slaves?
tycho;Season 7;The slave trade has entered a down turn, its true
cersei;Season 7;From what I gather she considers herself more of a revolutionary that a monarch In your experience how do bankers usually fare with revoltionaries?
cersei;Season 7;The Lannisters owe the Iron Bank quite a lot of money but Lannisters always pay their debts Do former slaves or Dothraki or dragons?
tycho;Season 7;Your fathers daughter indeed
cersei;Season 7;Give me a fortnight Stay in Kings Landing as my honored guest and when you return to Braavos I swear to you my debt will be paid in full
tyrion;Season 7;I came out here to brood over my failure to predict the Greyjoy attack Youre making it difficult You look a lot better brooding than I do You make me feel like Im failing at brooding over failing
jon;Season 7;Im a prisoner on this island
tyrion;Season 7;I wouldnt say youre a prisoner on this island Youre free to walk the castle, the beaches, to go wherever you want
jon;Season 7;Except to my ship They took my ship
tyrion;Season 7;I wouldnt say we took your ship
jon;Season 7;Im not playing word games with you The dead are coming for us all
tyrion;Season 7;Why dont you figure out what to do about my missing fleet and murdered allies, and Ill figure out what to do about your walking dead men
jon;Season 7;Its hard for me to fathom It really is If someone told me about the White Walkers and the Night King -
jon;Season 7;You probably dont believe me
tyrion;Season 7;I do actually
jon;Season 7;You didnt before Grumpkins and snarks you called them Do you remember? You said it was all nonsense
tyrion;Season 7;It was all nonsense Everybody knew it But then Mormont saw them and you saw them, and I trust the eyes of an honest man more than I trust what everybody knows
jon;Season 7;How do I convince people who dont know me that an enemey they dont believe in is coming to kill them all?
tyrion;Season 7;Good question
jon;Season 7;I know its a good question Im looking for an answer
tyrion;Season 7;Peoples minds arent made for problems that large White Walkers, the Night King, Army of the Dead, its almost a relief to confront a familiar monster like my sister
jon;Season 7;I need to help prepare my people for whats coming I cant help them from here Id like to leave
tyrion;Season 7;It seems unlikely that you became King in the North by giving up that easily
jon;Season 7;Everyone told me to learn from my fathers mistakes Dont go south Dont answer a summons from the Mad Kings daughter, a foreign invader And here I am A northern fool
tyrion;Season 7;Children are not their fathers, luckily for all of us And sometimes theres more to foreign invaders than northern fools that meets the eye Daenerys could have sailed for Westeros long ago but she didnt Instead she stayed where she was and saved many people from horrible fates some of whom are on this island with us right now While youre our guest here you might consider asking them what they think of the Mad Kings daughter She protects people from monsters, just as you do Thats why she came here And shes not about to head north to fight an enemy shes never seen on a word of a man she doesnt know after a single meeting Thats not a reasonable thing to ask
tyrion;Season 7;So do you have anything reasonable to ask?
jon;Season 7;What do you mean?
tyrion;Season 7;Maybe you are a northern fool Im asking if theres something I can do to help you
daenerys;Season 7;Dragonglass?
tyrion;Season 7;Yes Volcanic glass, obsidian He says you have a tremendous amount of it here
daenerys;Season 7;Why are we talking about glass? We just lost two of our allies
tyrion;Season 7;Which is why I was speaking to Jon Snow, a potential ally
daenerys;Season 7;And what does the King in the North want with Dragonglass?
tyrion;Season 7;Apparently it can be turned into weapons that kill White Walkers and their foot soldiers, or stop them, destroy them Im unsure of the nomenclature
daenerys;Season 7;And what do you think of this Army of the Dead and White Walkers and Night Kings?
tyrion;Season 7;Id very much like to believe that Jon Snow is wrong, but a wise man once said that you should never believe a thing simply because you want to believe it
daenerys;Season 7;Which wise man said this?
tyrion;Season 7;I dont remember
daenerys;Season 7;Are you trying to present your own statements as ancient wisdom?
tyrion;Season 7;I would never do that to you The reason I believe Jon Snow is because hes here All of his advisors would have told him not to come I would have told him not to come, yet hes here anyway You dont have to believe him Let him mine the Dragonglass If hes wrong its worthless You didnt even know it was here Its nothing to you Give him something by giving him nothing Take a step toward a more productive relationship with a possible ally Keep him occupied while we focus on the task at hand Casterly Rock
daenerys;Season 7;What was that Ser Davos said about taking a knife in the heart for his people? Did you notice that?
tyrion;Season 7;You must allow them their flights of fancy Its dreary in the north
walkways jon;Season 7;Amazing thing to see
daenerys;Season 7;I named them for my brothers Vicerys and Rhaegon Theyre both gone now
daenerys;Season 7;You lost two brothers as well?
daenerys;Season 7;People thought dragons were gone forever but here they are Perhaps we should all be examining what we think we know
jon;Season 7;Youve been talking to Tyrion?
daenerys;Season 7;He is my Hand
jon;Season 7;He enjoys talking
daenerys;Season 7;We all enjoy what were good at
jon;Season 7;I dont
daenerys;Season 7;You know Im not going to let Cersei stay on the Iron Throne
jon;Season 7;I never expected that you would
daenerys;Season 7;And I havent changed my mind about which kingdoms belong to the throne
jon;Season 7;I havent either
daenerys;Season 7;I will allow you to mine the Dragonglass and forge weapons from it Any resources or men you need I will provide for you
jon;Season 7;Thank you
jon;Season 7;So you believe me then about the Night King and the Army of the Dead?
daenerys;Season 7;You better get to work, Jon Snow
sansa;Season 7;How much do we have?
wolkan;Season 7;4,000 bushels, My Lady
sansa;Season 7;What does that mean?
yohn;Season 7;For the current occupants of the castle its enough food for a year, perhaps more
sansa;Season 7;Whats the longest winter in the past 100 years?
wolkan;Season 7;Im not entirely certain Ill check Maester Llewyns records He kept a copy of every raven scroll
sansa;Season 7;Youre telling me we dont have enough food, especially not if the armies of the north come back to defend Winterfell
wolkan;Season 7;No, My Lady, most likely not
sansa;Season 7;We must prepare for that eventuality Every direction the threat comes from, this is the best place to be We need to start building up our grain stores with regular shipments from every keep in the north If we dont use it by winters end well give it back to them, but if the entire north has to flee to Winterfell there wont be enough time to bring wagonloads of grain with them
yohn;Season 7;Very wise, My Lady
sansa;Season 7;Maester Wolkan, youll see to it?
sansa;Season 7;Are they covering those breastplates in leather?
yohn;Season 7;No, My Lady
sansa;Season 7;Well, shouldnt they be once the real cold comes?
yohn;Season 7;They should indeed Pardon me, My Lady
yohn;Season 7;You there, why isnt there leather on these?
littlefinger;Season 7;Command suits you The northerns are all facing north worried about the threat beyond the wall
sansa;Season 7;So they should be
littlefinger;Season 7;I know Cersei better than anyone here If you turn your back on her -
sansa;Season 7;You dont know Cersei better than anyone here
littlefinger;Season 7;I only meant to say -
sansa;Season 7;That the woman who murdered my mother, father and brother is dangerous? Thank you for your wise council
littlefinger;Season 7;One of two things will happen Either the dead will defeat the living, in which case all our troubles come to an end Or life will win out And what then?
littlefinger;Season 7;Dont fight in the north or the south Fight every battle everywhere always in your mind Everyone is your enemy, everyone is your friend, every possible series of events is happening all at once Live that way and nothing will surprise you Everything that happens will be something that youve seen before
guard;Season 7;Lady Sansa, at the gate
bran;Season 7;Hello, Sansa
sansa;Season 7;I wish Jon was here
bran;Season 7;Yes I need to speak to him
sansa;Season 7;Your fathers last living true born son Youre Lord of Winterfell
bran;Season 7;I can never be the Lord of Winterfell I can never be lord of anything Im the three-eyed raven
sansa;Season 7;I dont know what that means
bran;Season 7;Its difficult to explain
sansa;Season 7;Try, please, for me
bran;Season 7;It means I can see everything Everything thats ever happened to everyone Everything thats happening right now Its all pieces, fragments I need to learn to see better When the long night comes again I need to be ready
sansa;Season 7;How do you know all of this?
bran;Season 7;The three-eyed raven taught me
sansa;Season 7;I thought you were the three-eyed raven
bran;Season 7;I told you its difficult to explain
sansa;Season 7;Bran -
bran;Season 7;Im sorry for all thats happened to you Im sorry it had to happen here at our home It was so beautiful that night Snow falling just like now And you were so beautiful in your white wedding dress
sansa;Season 7;I have to go back inside, Bran
bran;Season 7;Ill stay a bit longer
cut to;Season 7;CITADEL
quarantine rooms marwyn;Season 7;Hmm
marwyn;Season 7;Hmm Does it hurt?
jorah;Season 7;A bit Less than before
marwyn;Season 7;The infection no longer appears to be active
marwyn;Season 7;Unusual Unlikely One could almost be forgiven for thinking the entire upper layer of diseased skin was debrided and the underlying region treated with some sort of ointment
jorah;Season 7;I dont know anything about that I just started feeling better I assumed it was the rest that did it
jorah;Season 7;And the climate
marwyn;Season 7;The climate? Youre free to go, Ser This chamber is needed for the infectious, which you are no longer
marwyn;Season 7;Tarley, Id like to speak with you in my study this evening
jorah;Season 7;How bad is it?
sam;Season 7;I suppose Ill find out this evening
sam;Season 7;Where will you go?
jorah;Season 7;I surrendered to this sickness the moment I first saw it I knew it would kill me or Id kill myself before it could Daenerys Stormborn convinced me otherwise The only place for me is with her
jorah;Season 7;I owe my life to her and you
sam;Season 7;Your father saved me more than once Its the least I could do
jorah;Season 7;Perhaps our paths will cross again?
sam;Season 7;I hope they do
cut to;Season 7;ARCHMAESTERS STUDY
marwyn;Season 7;You treated him?
sam;Season 7;Yes
marwyn;Season 7;Who told you to treat him?
sam;Season 7;No one
marwyn;Season 7;Who forbade you or anyone to attempt to treat him?
sam;Season 7;I seem to remember you
marwyn;Season 7;But you treated him anyway?
sam;Season 7;I did
marwyn;Season 7;I forbade it because its dangerous and rarely successful Especially on someone of that age You could have infected yourself and others You could have devastated the entire Citadel But you didnt Its a meticulous, difficult procedure Many maesters whose chains are heavy with healing links have attempted it and failed But you succeeded How?
sam;Season 7;I read the books and followed the instructions
marwyn;Season 7;That man is alive because of you You should be proud
sam;Season 7;Thank you, Archmaester
marwyn;Season 7;Come here
marwyn;Season 7;All these manuscripts and scrolls and rotting away I need you to make copies of them
marwyn;Season 7;You were expecting a reward? Your reward is not being immediately expelled from the Citadel Youd better get started Be mindful of the paper mites They like flesh as well
daenerys;Season 7;We need to find Euron Greyjoys fleet and sink it
varys;Season 7;Your Grace, hes already destroyed a good portion of our fleet To send our remaining ships after him -
daenerys;Season 7;Im not talking about sending our ships after him
tyrion;Season 7;But youll have to go yourself Eurons ships could be anywhere or in more than one place Youd be flying around the open seas alone for who knows how long
daenerys;Season 7;I wouldnt be alone Id have Drogon, Vicerion and Rhaegal What can anyone do to them?
missandei;Season 7;They can still do something to you It only takes one arrow
tyrion;Season 7;Its too great a risk Youre too important
daenerys;Season 7;What about Casterly Rock?
varys;Season 7;The Unsullied will be there soon
missandei;Season 7;And what will they face?
varys;Season 7;A difficult situation They know were coming
tyrion;Season 7;Yes Cersei believes my sole purpose in life is to destroy House Lannister She will be ready
tyrion;Season 7;No one has ever taken the rock
tyrion;Season 7;The Lannister army is still the army my father built Well trained and well provisioned 10,000 men at least They will see us coming
tyrion;Season 7;They will be ready
man;Season 7;Draw! Loose
tyrion;Season 7;The gates of Casterly Rock are impregnable
tyrion;Season 7;The fight up the walls will be hard Well be at a disadvantage Many men will die
tyrion;Season 7;Interesting thing about my father He built our house up from near ruin He built our army He built Casterly Rock as we know it, but he didnt build the sewers That was beneath him So he gave the job to the lowest person he could find Me He was right I was low The company I kept low, women mostly They werent welcome at the Rock Father disapproved of that sort of behavior I couldnt walk them through the front gates I couldnt have them in my chambers So in the process of building the sewers I threw in something for myself
tyrion;Season 7;It was a passage that began by the sea and ended beneath one of the main guard towers
tyrion;Season 7;No better place for low pursuits Casterly Rock, the impregnable fortress
tyrion;Season 7;As a good friend of mine once said, give me 10 good men and Ill impregnate the bitch
tyrion;Season 7;And so it begins They will face the bulk of the Lannister forces They will be outnumbered They will have less armor and fewer weapons
tyrion;Season 7;But as my sisters armies fights for her, the Unsullied will be fighting for something greater They will be fighting for freedom and the person who gave it to them They will be fighting for you And that is why they will triump
unsullied;Season 7;There are none left
grey worm;Season 7;There are supposed to be more than this Many more
grey worm;Season 7;Where are they? Where are the rest of the Lannisters?
cut to;Season 7;HIGHGARDEN
fields cut to;Season 7;HIGHGARDEN
cut to;Season 7;S QUARTERS
olenna;Season 7;Its done?
jaime;Season 7;It is
olenna;Season 7;And now the rains weep for our whores Did we fight well?
jaime;Season 7;I suppose as well as can be expected
olenna;Season 7;It was never our forte Golden roses indeed Your brother and his new queen thought you would be defending Casterly Rock
jaime;Season 7;The truth is Casterly Rock isnt worth much anymore Well, it is to me My fond childhood memories wont keep Cersei on the throne
olenna;Season 7;So youll just let them take it?
jaime;Season 7;For now They wont be able to hold it Euron Greyjoys navy burned their ships, we emptied the larders before we left Eventually theyll be forced to abandon their position and march all the way across Westeros
olenna;Season 7;And you took your army, your real army, and went where they werent?
jaime;Season 7;As Robb Stark did to me at Whispering Wood There are always lessons in failures
olenna;Season 7;Yes You must be very wise by now
jaime;Season 7;My father always said I was a slow learner
olenna;Season 7;If he was so clever why didnt he take Highgarden the moment your gold mines ran dry? I suppose Ill be able to ask him myself soon enough No more learning from my mistakes, eh? How will you do it? With that sword?
olenna;Season 7;That was Joffreys sword, wasnt it? Not that he ever used it What did he call it?
jaime;Season 7;Widows Wail
olenna;Season 7;He really was a cunt, wasnt he? I did unspeakable things to protect my family, or watched them being done on my orders I never lost a nights sleep over them They were necessary And whatever I imagined necessary for the safety of House Tyrell I did But your sister has done things I wasnt capable of imagining That was my prize mistake, a failure of imagination Shes a monster, you do know that?
jaime;Season 7;To you, sure To others as well But after weve won and theres no one left to oppose us, the people living peaceful in the world she built, do you really think theyll wring their hands over the way she built it?
olenna;Season 7;You love her You really do love her You poor fool Shell be the end of you
jaime;Season 7;Possibly Not much to be gained from discussing it with you though, is there?
olenna;Season 7;What better person to discuss it with? What better guarantee could you have that the things you say will never leave this room? But perhaps youre right If shes driven you this far its gone beyond your control
jaime;Season 7;Yes, it has
olenna;Season 7;Shes a disease I regret my role in spreading it You will too
jaime;Season 7;I think were done here
olenna;Season 7;How will it happen?
jaime;Season 7;Cersei had several ideas Whipping you through the streets and beheading you in front of the Red Keep Flaying you alive and hanging you from the walls of Kings Landing I talked her out of those
olenna;Season 7;Will there be pain?
jaime;Season 7;No I made sure of that
olenna;Season 7;Thats good
jaime;Season 7;Halt that wagon! JAIME opens the carriage It is filled with gold bars and coins He picks up a large sack and hands it t
bronn;Season 7;You just won the biggest prize in the world What could you possibly have to be upset about? Come on You can tell me Queen of Thorns give you one last prick in the balls before saying goodbye?
jaime;Season 7;Ill save my confessions for the High Septon
bronn;Season 7;There is no more High Septon
jaime;Season 7;No, there isnt, is there?
bronn;Season 7;There is still the question of my prize is putting a padlock on the wagon bearing the gold He stops and turns to BRONN
jaime;Season 7;Thats a lot of money I just gave you
bronn;Season 7;Its not a castle turns and points to Highgarden
bronn;Season 7;How about that one? Its available
jaime;Season 7;You dont want Highgarden
bronn;Season 7;I beg to differ
jaime;Season 7;Were at war Daenerys Targaryen could come take it back the day after you move in Besides, think of the upkeep The more you own, the more it weighs you down
bronn;Season 7;Oh, is that why youre so fucking glum, eh? All your new riches weighing you down pounds on the back of the carriage and the horses start trotting
jaime;Season 7;Theyre not mine The gold belongs to the Iron Bank We pay our debts
bronn;Season 7;Right Just not to me
jaime;Season 7;Bronn of the Blackwater, formerly of whatever nameless shit heap youre from with a saddlebag full of gold complaining about not getting paid When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be yours to choose from with no one left to take them away from you
bronn;Season 7;Yes, Im sure Queen Cerseis reign will be quiet and peaceful
jaime;Season 7;Stranger things have happened
bronn;Season 7;Like what TARLEY and his son DICKON come riding up on horseback addresses JAIME
randyll;Season 7;The granaries are being emptied and loaded into wagons, My Lord
jaime;Season 7;The current harvest?
dickon;Season 7;We have teams of men collecting it and more farmers in the Reach looks over to BRONN
jaime;Season 7;Ser Bronn, will you accompany the Tarleys and help them accelerate this process?
bronn;Season 7;Im not much for shoveling weight
jaime;Season 7;No, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest, Ive heard you guys have a real talent for that
randyll;Season 7;My Lord
dickon;Season 7;My Lord RANDYLL, DICKON and BRONN break away from the Lannister army and ride into the distance Horse drawn carts are carrying spoils from Highgarden and Lannister men are marching down the road
cut to;Season 7;REDKEEP COUNCIL ROOM CERSEI an NESTORIS from the Iron Bank of Braavos are sitting having a discussion
tycho;Season 7;I must say, I dont think the Iron Bank has ever had a debt of this magnitude repaid in a single installment I always considered your father a very effective and efficient man, but you appear to be redefining those terms entirely
cersei;Season 7;Youre too kind, My Lord
tycho;Season 7;I am neither kind, nor a lord, Your Grace I am merely an instrument of the institution I represent, its wellbeing is a matter of arithmetic, not sentiment And the current arithmetic is outstanding The gold -
cersei;Season 7;Is on its way My brother is supervising its transportation himself
tycho;Season 7;Some at the Iron Bank will be disappointed Theyve grown rather fond of your interest payments
cersei;Season 7;We must devise a way to raise their spirits
tycho;Season 7;Yes Perhaps we could be of assistance in some current venture
cersei;Season 7;My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over this continent and every person on it
tycho;Season 7;I see a great deal of potential in that venture I imagine that it would require outside investment?
cersei;Season 7;It will indeed I need to expand my armies, my navies My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to the Golden Company in Essos
tycho;Season 7;I know them well Theyve helped us recover significant sums from parties who had fallen into deep arrears
cersei;Season 7;Thats good to hear I too would like them to recover some things that belong to me
tycho;Season 7;Rest assured, Your Grace, you can count on the Iron Banks support, as soon as the gold arrives BRANS QUARTERS BRAN is sitting in a wheelchair PETE is sitting next to him unsheathes a Valyrian steel dagger and shows it to BRAN Its the same dagger used in the attempt to assassinate BRAN years ago
littlefinger;Season 7;This is for you flips the knife in his hand and extends it towards BRAN
littlefinger;Season 7;The last man who wielded it meant to cut your throat, but your mother fought him off BRAN reaches out and takes the knife, turning it and looking it over carefully
littlefinger;Season 7;The other dagger, the one that took her life, I would have stopped that dagger with my own heart if I could have I wasnt there for her when she needed me most But I am here for her now To do what she would have done, to protect her children Anything I can do for you, Brandon, you need only ask
bran;Season 7;Do you know who this belonged to?
littlefinger;Season 7;No That very question was what started the War of the Five Kings In a way, that dagger made you what you are today Forced from your home, driven out to the wilds beyond the Wall I imagine youve seen things most men wouldnt believe hands the sheath of the knife to BRAN BRAN slides the knife into the sheath
littlefinger;Season 7;To go through all of that and make your way home again only to find such chaos in the world, I can only imagine -
bran;Season 7;Chaos is a ladder BRAN is staring a stops speaking The door opens and Meera appears
littlefinger;Season 7;Im sorry to have disturbed you, Lord Stark BAELISH stands up to leave
bran;Season 7;Im not Lord Stark BAELISH bows and walks past Meera and closes the door notices BRAN sitting in a wheelchair
meera;Season 7;Whats that?
bran;Season 7;Maester Wolkan built it for me so I can move around more easily
meera;Season 7;Its a very good idea
bran;Season 7;Youre leaving?
meera;Season 7;I dont want to leave you, but when they come I need to be with my family And youre safe, safe as anyone can be now You dont need me anymore
bran;Season 7;No, I dont
meera;Season 7;Thats all youve got to say?
bran;Season 7;Thank you
meera;Season 7;Thank you?
bran;Season 7;For helping me
meera;Season 7;My brother died for you Hodor and Summer died for you I almost died for you Bran
bran;Season 7;Im not really, not anymore I remember what it felt like to be Brandon Stark, but I remember so much else now begins to cry
meera;Season 7;You died in that cave MEERA turns to walk out the door She hesitates looking at BRAN, then walks out
;Season 7;There is a snow blown field ARYA is riding on a horse Winterfell can be seen far in the distance
cut to;Season 7;GATE ARYA approaches the main gate on foot Two guards are huddled by a brazier getting warm Theres indistinct chatter One of the men notice ARYA walking to the gate and approach her
man;Season 7;Hey, oh Where are you going?
arya;Season 7;In there I live here
man;Season 7;Fuck off
arya;Season 7;Im Arya Stark This is my home Both men look at each and start laughing
man;Season 7;Arya Stark is dead
arya;Season 7;Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick Theyll tell you who I am
man;Season 7;Theres no Rodrick here
man;Season 7;Maesters name is Wolkan
arya;Season 7;Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North Hes my brother
man;Season 7;Hes a thousand miles away
man;Season 7;Its cold Were busy So, you know, best fuck off
man;Season 7;Mm-hmm
arya;Season 7;If Jon Snow is gone who is in charge of Winterfell?
man;Season 7;The Lady of Winterfell, Lady Stark
arya;Season 7;Which Lady Stark?
man;Season 7;You tell us Youre the one impersonating her sister
arya;Season 7;Tell Sansa her sister is home
man;Season 7;Lady Sansa is too busy to waster her breath on you, just like us So for the last time, fuck off MAN 1 goes to grab Arya but she easily dodges out of his grasp
arya;Season 7;Im getting into this castle one way or another If Im not who I say I am, I wont last long But if I am, and Sansa finds out that you turned me away ARYA keeps glancing at the men They look uneasy They bring her inside of the gate They indicate towards a cart near the entrance
man;Season 7;You sit there Right there Dont move Both guards have a conversation out of earshot of Arya
man;Season 7;Go tell Lady Stark Ill watch her ARYA is glancing around Winterfell Men are working building tools and cutting wood ARYA looks over and sees a Winterfell flag sigil hanging from the wall The two guards are still arguing
man;Season 7;You tell her
man;Season 7;Im not
man;Season 7;Because if you dont Ill hit you right in the fucking face as hard as I can The guards turn around and ARYA is gone
cut to;Season 7;INT WINTERFELL SANSAS QUARTERS Sansa is sitting at a table reviewing documents The two guards are in Sansas room explaining what happened
man;Season 7;We told her to wait We were standing right next to her
man;Season 7;When we turned around she had gone, My Lady She was nothing Some winter town girl
man;Season 7;She comes in asking for Ser Rodrick and Maester Llewyn
man;Season 7;Dont trouble yourself over it, My Lady Well find her
sansa;Season 7;You dont have to I know where she is CUT TO WINTERFELL CRYPT is standing look at a statue of Ned Stark holding his sword hears a sound and turns to see SANSA approaching SANSA stops when she see
arya;Season 7;Do I have to call you Lady Stark now hesitates for a moment
sansa;Season 7;Yes begins smiling then walking towards ARYA reaches out and hugs ARYA
sansa;Season 7;You shouldnt have run from the guards
arya;Season 7;I didnt run You need better guards SANSA smirks a
arya;Season 7;It suits you, Lady Stark Jon left you in charge?
sansa;Season 7;I hope he comes back soon I remember how happy he was to see me When he sees you, his heart will probably stop Both girls turn and look at the statue of Ned Stark
arya;Season 7;That doesnt look like him It should have been carved by someone who knew his face
sansa;Season 7;Everyone who knew his face is dead
arya;Season 7;Were not turns to face SANSA
arya;Season 7;They say you killed Joffrey Did you?
sansa;Season 7;I wish I had
arya;Season 7;Me too I was angry when I heard someone else had done it However long my list got he was always first
sansa;Season 7;Your list?
arya;Season 7;Of people Im going to kill begins to laugh ARYA joins her
sansa;Season 7;How did you get back to Winterfell?
arya;Season 7;Its a long story I imagine yours is too
sansa;Season 7;Yes Its not a very pleasant one
arya;Season 7;Mine neither, but our stories arent over yet
sansa;Season 7;No, theyre not The girls both embrace again
sansa;Season 7;Arya, Brans home too ARYA smiles and looks at SANSA SANSA doesnt smile back The smile fades from ARYAs face is sitting next to the Weirwood tree SANSA and ARYA approach turns to look at them begins speaking to ARYA
bran;Season 7;You came home ARYA steps forward and throws her arms aroun SANSA smiles in the background ARYA lets go and steps back
bran;Season 7;I saw you at the crossroads
arya;Season 7;You saw me?
bran;Season 7;I see quite a lot now
sansa;Season 7;Bran has visions
bran;Season 7;I thought you might go to Kings Landing
arya;Season 7;So did I
sansa;Season 7;Why would you go back there?
bran;Season 7;Cersei is on her list of names ARYA stares at BRAN ARYA turns to look a
sansa;Season 7;Who else is on your list?
arya;Season 7;Most of them are dead already BRAN produces the Valyrian dagger that BAELISH gave him and unsheathes it
arya;Season 7;Where did you get this?
bran;Season 7;Littlefinger gave it to me
arya;Season 7;Littlefinger, hes here? ARYA turns to look a
sansa;Season 7;Hes declared for House Stark steps up closer to BRAN and speaks to him
sansa;Season 7;Why would he give you a dagger?
bran;Season 7;He thought Id want it
sansa;Season 7;Why?
bran;Season 7;Because it was meant to kill me
sansa;Season 7;The cutthroat after your fall?
arya;Season 7;Why would a cutthroat have a Valyrian steel dagger?
bran;Season 7;Someone very wealthy wanted me dead
sansa;Season 7;Hes not a generous man He wouldnt give you anything unless he thought he was getting something back
bran;Season 7;It doesnt matter
sansa;Season 7;What do you mean it doesnt matter?
bran;Season 7;I dont want it BRAN holds the knife out t looks at BRAN
arya;Season 7;Are you sure? Its Valyrian steel
bran;Season 7;Its wasted on a cripple ARYA looks down at the dagger She steps forward and takes it from BRAN GATE ARYA is pushing BRAN in his wheelchair and SANSA is next to them The Stark children are walking back through the gate of Winterfell Men are milling around doing various jobs BRIENNE an see the Stark children all back at Winterfell together
podrick;Season 7;Catelyn Stark would be proud You kept your vow
brienne;Season 7;I did next to nothing
podrick;Season 7;Youre too hard on yourself, My Lady
brienne;Season 7;Im not a pauses for a moment
brienne;Season 7;Thank you, Podrick DAENERYS an are walking along a path outside of Dragonstone followed by members of the Queensguard
missandei;Season 7;Your Grace, theres still no word from the Unsullied
daenerys;Season 7;Soon They will come back to me
missandei;Season 7;He better stops and turns to look at MISSANDEI She then continues walking
daenerys;Season 7;What happened begins smirking
missandei;Season 7;Many things
daenerys;Season 7;Many things? Jon Snow appears at the bottom of the path
jon;Season 7;Your Grace looks at MISSANDEI then her Queensguard She speaks in Valyrian and motions to her guard to stand down
daenerys;Season 7;Its all right DAENERYS descends the stairs with MISSANDEI and they begin walking wit They walk along the beach until they reach a cave DAVOS is waiting for them with a lit torch
jon;Season 7;I wanted you to see it before we start hacking it to bits leads DAENERYS and MISSANDEI into the cave He lights a brazier and illuminates the Dragonglass along the walls He continues walking deeper into the cave
jon;Season 7;So this is it, all well ever need DAENERYS is looking up at the walls of Dragonglass
jon;Season 7;There is something else I want to show your, Your Grace and DAENERYS go to a further chamber in the cave There are murals painted on the walls of Dragonglass
jon;Season 7;The Children of the Forest made these
daenerys;Season 7;When?
jon;Season 7;A very long time ago
daenerys;Season 7;They were right here standing where were standing before there were Targaryens or Starks or Lannisters Maybe even before there were men
jon;Season 7;No DAENERYS stops looking at the walls and turns to look a walks to another wall and begins to examine the murals The murals depict Children of the Forest and the First Men standing together
jon;Season 7;They were here together the Children and the First Men
daenerys;Season 7;Doing what? Fighting each other? JON take by the arm and swings her torch to another part of the wall There is a mural of the Night King and White Walkers
daenerys;Season 7;They fought together against their common enemy Despite their differences, despite their suspicions, together We need to do the same if were going to survive and DAENERYS look back at the wall with the Night King
jon;Season 7;Because the enemy is real Its always been real
daenerys;Season 7;And you say you cant defeat them without my armies and my dragons?
jon;Season 7;No, I dont think I can steps forward closer to JON
daenerys;Season 7;I will fight for you I will fight for the north when you bend the knee
jon;Season 7;My people wont accept a southern ruler, not after everything theyve suffered steps even closer to JON until theyre face to face
daenerys;Season 7;They will if their king does They chose you to lead them They chose you to protect them Isnt their survival more important than your pride? JON an , DAVOS and MISSANDEI are walking out of the cave As they exit TYRION and VARYS are standing on the beach awaiting them begins addressing Tyrion
daenerys;Season 7;What is it?
tyrion;Season 7;We took Casterly Rock
daenerys;Season 7;Thats very good to hear TYRION and VARYS look at each other They arent eager to deliver the bad news
daenerys;Season 7;Isnt it? The group are all walking along the beach Daenerys is displeased
davos;Season 7;Youll want to discuss this amongst yourselves Perhaps -
daenerys;Season 7;You will stay All my allies are gone Theyve been taken from me while Ive been sitting here on this island
tyrion;Season 7;We still have the largest army
daenerys;Season 7;Who wont be able to eat because Cersei has taken all the food from the Reach
tyrion;Season 7;Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back We still have enough ships to carry the Dothraki to the mainland Commit to the blockade of Kings Landing We have a plan Its still the right plan stops walking, turns and speaks harshly to Tyrion
daenerys;Season 7;The right plan? Your strategy has lost us Dorne, the Iron Islands and the Reach
tyrion;Season 7;If Ive underestimated our enemies -
daenerys;Season 7;Our enemies? Your family, you mean Perhaps you dont want to hurt them after all begins looking out to the ocean Three dragons are flying in the sky over the water
daenerys;Season 7;Enough with the clever plans turns back and looks at TYRION
daenerys;Season 7;I have three large dragons Im going to fly them to the Red Keep
tyrion;Season 7;Weve discussed this
daenerys;Season 7;My enemies are in the Red Keep What kind of a queen am I if Im not willing to risk my life to fight them?
tyrion;Season 7;A smart one looks over to JON SNOW
daenerys;Season 7;What do you think I should do?
jon;Season 7;I would never presume to -
daenerys;Season 7;Im at war Im losing begins walking close to JON
daenerys;Season 7;What do you think I should do looks over the ocean at the dragons flying
jon;Season 7;I never thought that dragons would exist again No one did The people who follow you know that you made something impossible happen Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen Build a world thats different from the shit one theyve always known glances back towards the dragons
jon;Season 7;But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, youre not different Youre just more of the same DAENERYS looks back out to her dragons flying along the water and PODRICK are sparring kicks PODS foot out from under him and he lands face first in the dirt
brienne;Season 7;Dont lunge PODRICK pushes himself back up and picks up his sword PODRICK attacks again Brienne blocks his blows and kicks his foot out again
brienne;Season 7;Dont go where your enemy leads you ARYA is watching the sparring session from across the courtyard She begins to approach Brienne
brienne;Season 7;Up begins striking at PODRICK while he blocks her blows hits PODRICK in the stomach with the hilt of her sword and PODRICK lands on the ground
brienne;Season 7;And dont -
arya;Season 7;Dont fight someone like her in the first place PODRICK stands up and retrieves his sword ARYA walks closer to speak t
brienne;Season 7;Nice sword Very nice dagger ARYA looks down at the Valyrian dagger and unsheathes it She approaches BRIENNE flipping the knife several times in her fingers BRIENNE takes the dagger and examines it and BAELISH are walking along the upper section of the courtyard having a conversation
sansa;Season 7;If they havent contributed the right amount of grain to the stores then Im afraid theyll have to make due with SANSA see in the courtyard speaking with BRIENNE and stops to watch her
arya;Season 7;Its been awhile since Ive trained
brienne;Season 7;I can go and find the Master of Arms for you, My Lady
arya;Season 7;He didnt beat the hound You did I want to train with you BRIENNE chuckles
arya;Season 7;You swore to serve both of my mothers daughters, didnt you nods her head in agreement
brienne;Season 7;Move aside, Podrick ARYA draws her sword, Needle
brienne;Season 7;You cant use that, My Lady Its too small
arya;Season 7;I wont cut you Dont worry smirks and raises her sword to a fighting posture
brienne;Season 7;Ill try not to strikes at ARYA who quickly sidesteps and parries the attack attacks again and ARYA sidesteps, dodges multiple strikes and parrie while smiling ARYA strikes a and hits her hand causin to flinch and lose her two-handed grip on her sword regains composure and starts to circle ARYA BAELISH and SANSA are still watching from the upper balcony ARYA is waiting for an attack with her sword behind her back strikes and ARYA blocks her attacks, spins and stabs behind her back and hit in the knee causin s sword to strike the dirt kicks ARYA in the stomach and sends ARYA to the ground ARYA quickly gets back to her feet overpowers ARYA and ARYA drops her sword on the ground strikes again but ARYA dodges, draws her Valyrian dagger and puts it nea s neck and ARYA both stop fighting and sheathe their weapons smiling
brienne;Season 7;Who taught you to do that?
arya;Season 7;No one ARYA collects her sword BAELISH remains on the balcony staring at ARYA who looks up at him BAELISH bows to ARYA and walks away JON an are walking along the paths outside of Dragonstone having a discussion
davos;Season 7;What do you think of her?
jon;Season 7;Who?
davos sighs davos;Season 7;I believe you know of whom I speak
jon;Season 7;I think she has a good heart
davos;Season 7;A good heart? Ive noticed you starring at that good heart
jon;Season 7;Theres no time for that I saw the Night King, Davos I looked into his eyes How many men do we have in the north to fight him? 10,000? Less?
davos;Season 7;Fewer
jon;Season 7;What and JON near the end of the path MISSANDEI is standing along the path looking at the ocean
davos;Season 7;Speaking of good hearts, Missandei of Naarth turns to looks at DAVOS and JON
missandei;Season 7;Ser Davos, Lord Snow
davos;Season 7;King Snow, isnt it? No? That doesnt sound right King Jon?
jon;Season 7;It doesnt matter
missandei;Season 7;Forgive me, but may I ask a question?
jon;Season 7;Of course
missandei;Season 7;Your name is Jon Snow, but your fathers name was Ned Stark?
jon;Season 7;Im a bastard My mother and father werent married
davos;Season 7;Is the custom different in Naarth?
missandei;Season 7;We dont have marriage in Naarth so the concept of a bastard doesnt exist
davos;Season 7;The sounds liberating
jon;Season 7;Why did you leave your homeland?
missandei;Season 7;I was stolen away by slavers
jon;Season 7;Im sorry
davos;Season 7;If I may, how did a slave girl come to advise Daenerys Targaryen?
missandei;Season 7;She bought me from my master and set me free
davos;Season 7;That was good of her Of course youre serving her now, arent you?
missandei;Season 7;I serve my queen because I want to serve my queen Because I believe in her
jon;Season 7;And if you wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -
missandei;Season 7;Then she would give me a ship and wish me good fortune
jon;Season 7;You believe that?
missandei;Season 7;I know it All of us who came with her from Essos, we believe in her Shes not our queen because shes the daughter of some king we never knew Shes the queen we chose
davos;Season 7;Youll forgive me if I switch sides notices a single ship sailing into the bay It has a kraken sigil MISSANDEI turns to look
jon;Season 7;Is that a Greyjoy ship GREYJOY and other Iron Born are pulling their landing boat onto the beach wading through the surf They pull the boat onto the sand JON SNOW, MISSANDEI, DAVOS and Dothraki guards are waiting to meet them JON see and both men freeze and stare at each other JON steps forward toward
theon;Season 7;Jon I didnt know you were here steps closer to JON
theon;Season 7;Sansa, is she all right grabs THEON by his shirt and pulls him face to face
jon;Season 7;What you did for her is the only reason Im not killing you JON releases THEON
davos;Season 7;We heard your uncle attacked your fleet We thought you were dead
theon;Season 7;I should be
davos;Season 7;Your sister?
theon;Season 7;Euron has her I came to ask the queen to help get her back
jon;Season 7;The queen is gone
theon;Season 7;Where did she go? FIELDS The Lannister army is returning from sacking Highgarden They are delivering gold and food to Kings Landing There are carts and men that havent made it into the city gates yet JAIME and BRONN are supervising the procession TARLEY comes riding up on his horse
randyll;Season 7;All of the gold is safely through the gates of Kings Landing
jaime;Season 7;Good
randyll;Season 7;We need to get the last of these wagons over the Blackwater Rush before nightfall If the head of the line is ambushed, the tail will never be able to reinforce in time
jaime;Season 7;We are stretched a bit thin
randyll;Season 7;With your permission, flogging stragglers has a marked effect on mobility
jaime;Season 7;Lets give them fair warning first These men fought well at Highgarden RANDYLL is clearly disappointed He turns and rides off back to the line of soldiers JAIME and BRONN exchange glances, then follow RANDYLL BRONN and JAIME are riding through the ranks TARLEY sees JAIME and starts a conversation
dickon;Season 7;Ser Jaime
jaime;Season 7;Rickon
dickon;Season 7;Dickon BRONN openly laughs in DICKONs face and looks a
jaime;Season 7;I hear you fought bravely at Highgarden Your first battle? DICKON nods his head in agreement
jaime;Season 7;And?
dickon;Season 7;It was glorious
bronn;Season 7;Come on Your fathers not here
dickon;Season 7;All my life weve been pledged to House Tyrell I knew some of those men I hunted with them
jaime;Season 7;They didnt deserve to die But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Targaryen girl So here we are
dickon;Season 7;I didnt expect it to smell like that
bronn;Season 7;Men shit themselves when they die Didnt they teach you that at fancy lad school? JAIME looks over at
bronn;Season 7;Well, I learned it when I was 5 BRONN pauses and strains to hear a noise far in the distance
jaime;Season 7;What?
bronn;Season 7;Listen Horses and high pitched war cries are heard beyond the hill in the distance takes off at a gallop yelling orders to the soldiers on the road
jaime;Season 7;Spears and shields! Spears and shields! The men jump into action and start arming themselves
jaime;Season 7;Spears and shields
bronn;Season 7;In line now is riding across the battlefield yelling orders to men
randyll;Season 7;Come on, lads Not those wagons Fall in line Fall in line The Lannister army gets in formation to repel the invading horde Lannister archers line up behind the pikemen The horde is drawing closer The Dothraki come riding over the hill with curved swords held overhead and screaming There are a thousand of them or more DICKON draws his sword is yelling orders to the men
randyll;Season 7;Spears armed! The Lannister pikemen drop their spears into a fighting position and ready their shields rides up to JAIME
bronn;Season 7;Get back to Kings Landing
jaime;Season 7;Im not abandoning my army
bronn;Season 7;Youre a commander, not a damned infantryman These fuckers are about to swamp us
jaime;Season 7;We can hold them off.A dragon can be heard roaring in the distance and DROGON come flying over the Dothraki and over the battlefield commands DROGON to attack
daenerys;Season 7;Dracarys! DROGON breathes fire into the first line of Lannister soldiers The men burst into flames and start screaming DICKON looks on in shock A flanking group of Dothraki Screamers ride over the flames through the hole created by Drogon and start cutting men down attempts to issue orders to the men
jaime;Season 7;Hold the line! The main force of Dothraki crashes into shielded pikemen Men on both sides are being slaughtered A second wave of Dothraki Screamers ride in They switch from a seated position to standing atop their saddles shooting bow and arrow The Lannister archers fire back and many men are killed DAENERYS and DROGON circle around and billow flames across the battlefield DAENERYS steers DROGON down the Kings Road DROGON spews flames and destroys the carriages along the road Carts are exploding into pieces, barrels are flying through the air is looking at the carnage in astonishment
jaime;Season 7;Archers! Archers with me! A group of archers break from the main battle and follo and BRONN lines the men up to counter DAENERYS and DROGON
jaime;Season 7;Knock
archers;Season 7;Knock! Draw! DROGON loops around and is making a pass o and the archers DAENERYS and DROGON are diving at the group of men
jaime;Season 7;Loose! The archers fire their arrows in unison DAENERYS sees the and turns Drogon so the arrows bounce harmlessly off his breast She makes a run on another line of carriages and DROGON burns them in a single breath Men are screaming and catching on fire and BRONN survey the damage
jaime;Season 7;Qyburns scorpion is over there
bronn;Season 7;Go get it then
jaime;Season 7;I cant shoot with one hand holds up his gold hand to illustrate his point BRONN hesitates for a moment He turns his horse and rides to man the artillery crossbow draws his sword and rides into battle
jaime;Season 7;Come on! A Dothraki screamer wielding two swords charges JAIME JAIME is blocking the attacks but is getting overpowered DICKON stabs the screamer through his back JAIME nods at DICKON is making his way to the crossbow A Dothraki screamer sees him and charges reaches behind him and retrieves a small sword He throws the sword at the Dothraki but the screamer parries it draws his primary sword and the two men charge at each other A is about to strike, the screamer leans over and cut s horses leg off causin to fall to the ground s bag of gold hits the ground and splits open The screamer is turning his horse around and is about to attac again abandons the gold and runs into the mayhem trying to lose the mounted rider pushes a flaming Lannister soldier out of the way He pulls a sword out of a dead man and uses it to start fighting Dothraki DROGON flies overhead and spews flames through the air manages to escape the mounted rider and disappear into the fog The screamer dismounts and continues the search on foot The screamer climbs onto a covered wagon to check fo When he pulls the canvas back he see behind the crossbow with a bolt pointed at him fires the bolt and impales the Dothraki screamer pulls a lever and the sides of the wagon drop down revealing the crossbow reloads the weapon and begins making adjustments to line up a shot on DROGON
bronn;Season 7;Where are you? TYRION walks to the edge of the battlefield accompanied by Dothraki guards He can see Lannisters being slaughtered One of the Dothraki guards begin to speak
guard;Season 7;Your people cant fight TYRION is watching the mayhem Men are screaming and engulfed in flames Horses and carriages run wild with no driver is still on the battlefield struggling against the horde Burning Lannister men are taking off their helmets revealing melted faces Men crawl to the river in search of relief from the dragonfire DROGON and DAENERYS are flying over the river creating wake in the water sees her approaching his position
jaime;Season 7;Take cover! DROGON spits flames into the Lannister position The men standing there are reduced to standing ash The wind blows them away is lining up DROGON in the sights of the crossbow He reaches down and pulls the lever to fire A bolt sails past DROGON and misses reloads the machine DROGON and DAENERYS circle around and dive on the crossbow takes his time aiming his shot
bronn;Season 7;Come on you fucker commands DROGON to fire at the crossbow
daenerys;Season 7;Dracarys! Before DROGON can send flames, BRONN fires a bolt that strikes DROGON in the wing DROGON begins to pinwheel out of control towards the ground BRONN is smiling He whips the machine around and begins reloading DAENERYS and DROGON are falling from the sky DROGON regains control and begins hovering over the river BRONN realizes he doesnt have time to reload and dives out of the way of the incoming dragonfire DROGON spits flames at the machine and instantly destroys it Flames lick over BRONN but he is uninjured DROGON is forced to land on the edge of the river due to his wound DAENERYS climbs from her mount and rushes to pull the spear from DROGONs wing JAIME is 100 yards from DAENERYS watching her She is all alone JAIME sees a spear sticking out of a dead man spots JAIME across the battlefield
tyrion;Season 7;Flee, you idiot looks at DAENERYS and readies himself He spurs his horse onward
jaime;Season 7;Come on, boy Come on! JAIME grabs the spear as he rides by and brings it up to position JAIMEs horse is galloping full speed on the edge of the river kicking up water is watching JAIMEs attempt to kill DAENERYS
jaime;Season 7;You could have killed me
bronn;Season 7;What the fuck were you doing back there?
jaime;Season 7;Ending the war by killing her
bronn;Season 7;You saw the dragon between you and her looks incredulously at JAIME
bronn;Season 7;And? JAIME sits up and says nothing t sits up and faces JAIME
bronn;Season 7;Listen to me, cunt Till I get what Im owed, a dragon doesnt get to kill you You dont get to kill you Only I get to kill you
jaime;Season 7;That was only one of them She has two more If she decides to use them, to really use them -
bronn;Season 7;Youre fucked
jaime;Season 7;Dont you mean were fucked?
bronn;Season 7;No, I do not Dragons are where our partnership ends Im not going to be around when those things start spitting fire on Kings Landing
jaime;Season 7;I have to tell Cersei pauses and looks at JAIME
bronn;Season 7;Best well jump back in that river BRONN stands up and walks away JAIME continues sitting on the shore looking at the smoke and fire from the distant battle BATTLEGROUND TYRION is walking over an ash covered ground There are burned bodies and cargo strewn about Dothraki are looting dead Lannister soldies A group of mounted Dothraki are escorting captured Lannister soldiers to wher and DROGON are awaiting the prisoners addresses the captured soldiers
daenerys;Season 7;I know what Cersei has told you, that Ive come to destroy your cities The camera pans around the prisoners The men are covered in filth and blood from the battle
daenerys;Season 7;burn down your homes, murder you and orphan your children Thats Cersei Lannister, not me Im not here to murder And all I want to destroy is the wheel that is rolled over rich and poor to the benefit of no one but the Cersei Lannisters of the world I offer you a choice Bend the knee and join me Together we will leave the world a better place than we found it, or refuse and die A few Lannister men kneel to the ground, while most remain standing DROGON roars and moves closer to the men Almost all the Lannister men quickly kneel while a few still remain standing including RANDYLL and DICKON TARLEY speaks to RANDYLL
daenerys;Season 7;Step forward, My Lord RANDYLL takes several steps toward and stands in front of the kneeling Lannister men
daenerys;Season 7;You will not kneel?
randyll;Season 7;I already have a queen
tyrion;Season 7;My sister, she wasnt your queen until recently though, was she, until she murdered your rightful queen and destroyed House Tyrell for all time So it appears your allegiances are somewhat flexible
randyll;Season 7;There are no easy choices in war Say what you will about your sister, she was born in Westeros, has lived here all her life You on the other hand, you murdered your own father and chose to support a foreign invader One with no ties to this land, an army of savages at her back
daenerys;Season 7;You will not trade your honor for your life I respect that turns to speak to DAENERYS
tyrion;Season 7;Perhaps he could take the black, Your Grace Whatever else he is, he is a true soldier He would be invaluable at the Wall
randyll;Season 7;You cannot send me to the Wall You are not my queen DAENERYS turns to look at her Dothraki escort The Dothraki walk forward to collect RANDYLL As the men are pulling RANDYLL awa steps forward
dickon;Season 7;You will have to kill me too pulls away from the Dothraki and turns to face his son
randyll;Season 7;Step back and shut your mouth
daenerys;Season 7;Who are you?
randyll;Season 7;A stupid boy
dickon;Season 7;Im Dickon Tarley, son of Randyll Tarley
tyrion;Season 7;You are the future of your house This war has already wiped one great house from the world Dont let it happen again Bend the knee looks to RANDYLL RANDYLL nods to his son
dickon;Season 7;I will not turns to speak to DAENERYS He speaks softly so no one but the queen can hear
tyrion;Season 7;Your Grace, nothing strips bold notions from a mans head like a few weeks in a dark cell
daenerys;Season 7;I meant what I said Im not here to put men in chains If that becomes an option many will take it I gave them a choice They made it
tyrion;Season 7;Your Grace, if you begin beheading entire families -
daenerys;Season 7;Im not beheading anyone pauses and looks over the DROGON DRGON roars and shakes his head and flexes his wings
tyrion;Season 7;Your Grace looks to her Dothraki escort and gives a signal The men grab RANDYLL and DICKON and walk them over to DROGON RANDYLL takes DICKON by the arm
daenerys;Season 7;Lord Randyll Tarley, Dickon Tarley, I, Daenerys of House Targaryen, First of my name, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons, sentence you to die pauses a moment and looks at RANDYLL and DICKON
daenerys;Season 7;Dracarys DROGON draws a deep breath and begins spewing dragonfire at the two men They are instantly engulfed in flames They both collapse into ash after a few seconds There are two craters left where RANDYLL and DICKON stood The Lannister men recoil in horror Any Lannister soldier that was still standing kneels to the ground DAENERYS silently turns and begins to walk off the battlefield HALLWAY JAIME is quickly walking down the hall leading to CERSEIs room As he approaches exits the queens chambers
qyburn;Season 7;My Lord JAIME passes by QYBURN without saying a word and barges int s quarters stand and walks over to JAIME
cersei;Season 7;How many men did we lose?
jaime;Season 7;We havent done a full counting
cersei;Season 7;Its armies that win wars We have the Tyrell gold, we have the Iron Bank behind us We can buy mercenaries
cersei;Season 7;Theyre not the same as our men but theyll fight if theyre well paid, which they will be
jaime;Season 7;I just saw the Dothraki fight Theyll beat any mercenary army Theyll beat any army Ive ever seen Killing our men wasnt war for them, it was sport Her dragon burned a thousand wagons Qyburns scorpion fired bolts bigger than you They couldnt stop it And she has three of them This isnt a war we can win
cersei;Season 7;So what do we do? Sue for peace? I sit on her fathers throne, the father you betrayed and murdered And in her mind shes winning What sort of offer do you think shed make turns and walks away from JAIME
cersei;Season 7;Maybe we can count on Tyrion to intercede on our behalf by way of apology for murdering our father and our son
jaime;Season 7;He didnt
cersei;Season 7;You saw the crossbow, you saw his body walks across the room to where CERSEI is standing
jaime;Season 7;Im not talking about father Tyrion didnt kill Joffrey He had nothing to do with it
cersei;Season 7;After all this time it still amazes me -
jaime;Season 7;It was Olenna She confessed before she died
cersei;Season 7;And this was before or after she drank the poison you so kindly provided her?
jaime;Season 7;After
cersei;Season 7;And you believed her?
jaime;Season 7;If you were Olenna would you rather have seen your granddaughter married to Joffrey or Tommen? Which one would Margerey been better able to control? Which one would have made Olenna the true ruler of the Seven Kingdoms? She was telling the truth looks away, then sits down
cersei;Season 7;I shouldnt have listened to you She should have died screaming
jaime;Season 7;Shes dead like her son, her grandchildren, her whole house And if we dont find a way out of this war well follow them
cersei;Season 7;So we fight and die or we submit and die I know my choice A soldier should know his
cut to;Season 7;DRAGONSTONE CLIFFS JON SNOW is standing on the edge of a cliff looking towards the ocean DROGON roars and flies over him wit on his back DROGON lands next to JON and charges towards him DROGON opens his jaws and roars in JONs face DROGON creeps closer until he is inches from JON JON removes his glove and slowly extends his hand toward DROGON DROGON lowers his head and allows JON to touch him looks surprised and steps down from her mount DROGON turns and flies away
daenerys;Season 7;Theyre beautiful, arent they?
jon;Season 7;That wasnt the word I was thinking of, but, yes, they are Gorgeous beasts
daenerys;Season 7;Theyre not beasts to me No matter how big they get, how terrifying to everyone else, theyre my children DAENERYS turns to look at her three dragons as they fly over Dragonstone in the distance
jon;Season 7;You werent gone long turns back to JON
daenerys;Season 7;No
jon;Season 7;And?
daenerys;Season 7;And I have fewer enemies today than I did yesterday JON pauses and doesnt say anything
daenerys;Season 7;Youre not sure how you feel about that?
jon;Season 7;No, Im not turns and starts walking towards the castle, JON follows
daenerys;Season 7;How many men did your army kill taking Winterfell back from the Boltons?
jon;Season 7;Thousands
daenerys;Season 7;We both want to help people We can only help them from a position of strength Sometimes strength is terrible When you first came here Ser Davos said you took a knife in the heart for your people
jon;Season 7;Ser Davos gets carried away
daenerys;Season 7;So it was a figure of speech? JON doesnt say anything A group of Dothraki guards approach DAENERYS and speak in their native tongue
guard;Season 7;This man says he is your friend, Khaleesi The guard steps to the side and JORAH MORMONT stands behind him answers the guard in Dothraki
daenerys;Season 7;He is my friend kneels before DAENERYS
jorah;Season 7;Your Grace
daenerys;Season 7;Jon Snow, this is Ser Jorah Mormont, an old friend
jon;Season 7;I served with your father He was a great man JORAH nods to JON
daenerys;Season 7;You look strong You found a cure?
jorah;Season 7;I wouldnt be here if I hadnt I return to your service, my queen, if youll have me
daenerys;Season 7;It would be my honor DAENERYS steps forward and hugs JORAH
cut to;Season 7;A group of ravens are resting on a tree Several of the ravens eyes wash white They take off and fly over Winterfell They cross frozen fields and over a snowy mountain They arrive at The Wall at Eastwatch-by-the-sea and continue over the Wall The ravens fly many miles over tundra and more mountains The birds crest a hill and thousands of dead men can be seen marching south A group of riders and the Night King are on top of an outcrop watching the dead file past As the ravens approach the Night King peers in their direction and the birds scatter and disperse s eyes are pure white They wash back to their normal color He is sitting in front of the Weirwood Maester Wolkan stands next to him
bran;Season 7;Ravens We need to send ravens WOLKAN nods his head to BRAN
cut to;Season 7;CITADEL MAESTER COUNCIL CHAMBER ARCHMAESTER MARWYN and other citadel maesters are seated at a council table MARWYN has a raven scroll in his hand and the maesters are discussing the contents SAMWELL enters the room carrying a large stock of books and scrolls MARWYN points SAM to a nearby table to offload the books
maester;Season 7;I put very little stock in it myself Prophecies of doom are never in short supply, especially when winter comes
marwyn;Season 7;I remember Wolkan A bit timid but a sharp mind
maester;Season 7;The north has dulled many good maesters wits Im not sure if its the cold, the drink, or the company All the maesters chuckle
maester;Season 7;A crippled boy claims to have seen dead men on the march beyond the wall thanks to the magical help of a raven with three eyes SAM stops working and turns around
marwyn;Season 7;It is a bit much Still we ought to -
sam;Season 7;Brandon Stark The maesters all turn in their seats to look a
sam;Season 7;the crippled boy
marwyn;Season 7;Do you know him?
sam;Season 7;I let him through the Wall years ago I saw him go beyond the wall
marwyn;Season 7;And?
sam;Season 7;Somehow a crippled boy survived for years beyond the wall when no one else could Not the Nights Watch, not the Wildlings, no one Perhaps we ought to listen to what he has to say
maester;Season 7;Perhaps you need more scribing work to discipline your mind
marwyn;Season 7;I sense a more detailed proposal is forthcoming steps forward and clears his throat
sam;Season 7;Everyone in Westeros trusts and respects you If you tell people the threat is real theyll believe it If you advise all the lords to send their men north to hold the wall theyll do it And if you tell every maester in the Citadel to search every word of every faded scroll about the long night, they may find something that lets us defeat the Army of the Dead for good
marwyn;Season 7;It could be done And this news could be authentic Its possible Its also possible this message is part of a ploy by the dragon queen to lure southern armies away from the lands they are currently defending to open those lands to easy conquest
maester;Season 7;That does seem far more likely than magic birds talking to cripples
sam;Season 7;Archmaester, please Its real Ive seen it
marwyn;Season 7;We will write to Maester Wolkan at Winterfell for clarification I promise you we will get to the truth of it one way or another
sam;Season 7;Archmaester -
marwyn;Season 7;That will be all, Tarley SAM turns to collect his work and leave The maesters begin talking to one another
maester;Season 7;It brings to mind the work of Davy Moonstone, the charlatan who claimed to see the children of the forest The maesters all chuckle
maester;Season 7;Dont forget the Prophet Lodock that promised the Drowned God would rise up and destroy Aegon the Conquerer The maesters continue laughing SAMWELL gets the last of his work and walks out of the door in disgust turns to look at MARWYN
maester;Season 7;Is he the one whose father and brother were just burned alive?
marwyn;Season 7;Im afraid so
maester;Season 7;Horrible business
marwyn;Season 7;I dont have the heart to tell him yet Hes a good lad crumples the raven scroll and throws it dismissevely on the table
marwyn;Season 7;Right The ravenry was falling apart last time I checked VARYS an are sitting on the stairs of the Throne Room alone VARYS has a sealed raven scroll in his hand tapping it on the stone is drinking a glass of wine having a discussion with VARYS
tyrion;Season 7;All rulers demand that people bend the knee Its why theyre rulers She gave Tarley a choice A man who had taken up arms against her What else could she do?
varys;Season 7;Not burn him alive alongside his son
tyrion;Season 7;I am her hand, not her head I cant make her decisions for her
varys;Season 7;Thats what I used to tell myself about her father I found the traitors but I wasnt the one burning them alive I was only a purveyor of information reaches over to TYRIONs cup of wine, picks it up and begins to drink from it He grimaces as he drinks
varys;Season 7;Its what I told myself when I watched them beg for mercy, Im not the one doing it As the pitch of their screams rose higher, Im not the one doing it When their hair caught fire and the smell of the burning flesh filled the Thone Room, Im not the one doing it VARYS drinks again and sets the cup down next t picks it up
tyrion;Season 7;Daenerys is not her father
varys;Season 7;And she never will be with the right counsel You need to find a way to make her listen looks down at the note in VARYSs hand
tyrion;Season 7;Who is that for?
varys;Season 7;Jon Snow
tyrion;Season 7;Did you read it?
varys;Season 7;Its a sealed scroll for the King in the North pauses and drinks from his cup of wine
tyrion;Season 7;Whats it say?
varys;Season 7;Nothing good DAENERYS and VARYS are seated at the painted table TYRION and JORAH stand near the queen DAVOS an SNOW are standing on the other end of the table is holding a raven scroll and reading it
jon;Season 7;I thought Arya was dead I thought Bran was dead
daenerys;Season 7;Im happy for you You dont look happy
jon;Season 7;Bran saw the Night King and his army marching towards Eastwatch If they make it past the wall -
varys;Season 7;The Wall has kept them out for thousands of years Presumably interrupts VARYS
jon;Season 7;I need to go home
daenerys;Season 7;You said you dont have enough men
jon;Season 7;Well fight with the men we have Unless youll join us
daenerys;Season 7;And give the country to Cersei? As soon as I march away she marches in
tyrion;Season 7;Perhaps not Cersei thinks the Army of the Dead is nothing but a story made up by wet nurses to frighten children What if we prove her wrong?
jon;Season 7;I dont think shell come see the dead at my invitation begins walking around the table closer to JON
tyrion;Season 7;So bring the dead to her
daenerys;Season 7;I thought that was what we are trying to avoid
tyrion;Season 7;We dont have to bring the whole army Only one soldier
davos;Season 7;Is that possible?
jon;Season 7;The first White I ever saw was brought into Castle Black from beyond the Wall
tyrion;Season 7;Bring one of these things down to Kings Landing and show her the truth
varys;Season 7;Anything you bring back will be useless unless Cersei grants us an audience and is somehow convinced not to murder us the moment we set foot in the capital
tyrion;Season 7;The only person she listens to is Jaime He may listen to me
daenerys;Season 7;And how would you get into Kings Landing Everyone in the room stops and looks a
davos;Season 7;I can smuggle you in, but if the Goldcloaks were to recognize you, Im warning you, Im not a fighter TYRION nods his head
daenerys;Season 7;Well, it will all be for nothing if we dont have one of these dead men
varys;Season 7;Fair point How do you propose to find one? JON pauses and stares at the ground breaks the silence
jorah;Season 7;With the queens permission Ill go north and take one DAENERYS turns to look a
jorah;Season 7;You asked me to find a cure so I could serve you Allow me to serve you
jon;Season 7;The free folk will help us They know the real north better than anyone
davos;Season 7;They wont follow Ser Jorah
jon;Season 7;They wont have to
davos;Season 7;You cant lead a raid beyond the wall Youre not in the Nights Watch anymore Youre King in the North
jon;Season 7;Im the only one here whose fought them Im the only one here who knows them
daenerys;Season 7;I havent given you permission to leave
jon;Season 7;With respect, Your Grace, I dont need your permission I am a king And I came here knowing that you could have your men behead me or your dragons burn me alive I put my trust in you, a stranger, because I knew it was the best chance for my people, for all our people Now Im asking you to trust in a stranger because its our best chance DAENERYS pauses for a moment then nods her head in agreement THE GREAT HALL Northen lords includin GLOVER, YOHN ROYCE and are congregated in the Great Hall ARYA walks into the room and hears a loud discussion The lords are adressing SANSA who is seated at the head table
robett;Season 7;ing in the North should stay in the north We did not choose you to rule us, My Lady, but perhaps we should have The men agree in unison ROYCE stands up and walks in front of SANSA
yohn;Season 7;nights of the Vale came here for you, Lady Stark
sansa;Season 7;Youre very kind, my lords, but Jon is our king He is doing what he thinks is best The men sit down and everyone in the hall begins talking to one another HALL and ARYA are walking through the hall t s quarters having a discussion
sansa;Season 7;I warned Jon this would happen He cant leave the north and expect it to just sit and wait for him like Ghost
arya;Season 7;He didnt He trusted you to hold it for him
sansa;Season 7;Well, hes not making it easy The northern lords are proud The girls arrive at SANSAs quarters is glancing around the room
arya;Season 7;These are mother and fathers chambers
sansa;Season 7;And?
arya;Season 7;Nothing
sansa;Season 7;Dont do that SANSA turns around to fac
arya;Season 7;What?
sansa;Season 7;Say what you mean
arya;Season 7;You always liked nice things It made you feel better than everyone drops the papers in her hand on a table and looks at ARYA
sansa;Season 7;Are you angry with me?
arya;Season 7;They were insulting Jon and you sat there and listened
sansa;Season 7;I listened to their complaints, which is my responsibility as Lady of Winterfell
arya;Season 7;Their opinions are important to you?
sansa;Season 7;Glover has 500 men Royce has 2,000 Offend them and Jon loses his army
arya;Season 7;Not if they lose their heads first
sansa;Season 7;Winterfell didnt just fall into our hands We took it back, and the Mormonts and the Hornwoods and the Wildlings and the Vale, all of us working together Now, Im sure cutting off heads is very satisfying, but thats not the way you get people to work together
arya;Season 7;And if Jon doesnt come back, youll need their support, so you can work together to give you what you really want
sansa;Season 7;How can you even think such a horrible thing?
arya;Season 7;Youre thinking it right now You dont want to be, but the thought just wont go away and ARYA stare at each in silence for a moment
sansa;Season 7;I have work to do SANSA turns and walks away fro
arya;Season 7;My lady ARYA exits the room BEACH DAVOS an are standing on the beach of Kings Landing DAVOS is securing a small row boat is looking up towards the city walls
tyrion;Season 7;Last time I was here I killed my father with a crossbow
davos;Season 7;Last time I was here you killed my son with wildfire TYRION turns to look a walks next to TYRION and stakes the boat anchor into the sand
davos;Season 7;Theres a path to the left that hugs the cliff The guards hardly ever patrol it Too many steps begins walking towards the path DAVOS follows him and quickly takes the lead stops and looks back towards the unattended boat
tyrion;Season 7;Youre not staying here?
davos;Season 7;Ive got my own business in Flea Bottom
tyrion;Season 7;What if someone takes the boat?
davos;Season 7;Then were fucked Best hurry
cut to;Season 7;REDKEEP DUNGEONS BRONN an are walking by the dragon skulls Both men have sparring swords in their hand
jaime;Season 7;We dont have time for this We should be preparing the city for a siege The Dothraki are coming
bronn;Season 7;All the more reason for you to train Unless you plan on fighting Dothraki 12 year olds
jaime;Season 7;I seem to recall them giving you a bit of trouble as well
bronn;Season 7;And here I am ready to train
jaime;Season 7;Why down here?
bronn;Season 7;I dont think you want people to see how you look swinging that thing yet
jaime;Season 7;Today might be the day I kill you by accident
bronn;Season 7;Oh, you wont be swinging it at me stops walking and holds his torch out TYRION steps from around a pillar and looks at JAIME JAIME looks angrily a
bronn;Season 7;Ill leave you to it BRONN turns and walks away leaving JAIME an alone
tyrion;Season 7;I needed to see you and I knew youd never agree to meet JAIME remains silent and stares a
tyrion;Season 7;You made me look like a complete fool I thought Id surprise you by hitting Casterly Rock, but you were three steps ahead of me You abandoned the family home Completely unsentimental Father would have been proud
jaime;Season 7;Dont talk about our father
tyrion;Season 7;Listen to me -
jaime;Season 7;I once told Bronn that if I ever saw you again Id cut you in half glances down at the sword in JAIMEs hand
tyrion;Season 7;It would take you awhile with a sparring sword JAIME shakes his head and says nothing
tyrion;Season 7;He was going to execute me He knew I was innocent He didnt hate me because of anything I did, he hated me because of what I am The little monster sent to punish him Do you think I wanted to be born this way? Did he think I chose -
jaime;Season 7;What do you want?
tyrion;Season 7;Daenerys will win this war Youre a military man You must know there is no way around it Daenerys is not her father Shes even willing to suspend hostilities if Cersei agrees to certain terms
jaime;Season 7;You want Cersei to bend the knee you can ask her yourself
tyrion;Season 7;I I dont Daenerys doesnt Not right now anyway She has a more important request FLEA BOTTOM Men are in the market selling their wares A blacksmith sharpens a sword on a grinding wheel is walking through the market glancing around A man in a blacksmith shop pulls a sword from the fire and begins to hammer it on his anvil walks into the shop
davos;Season 7;I wasnt sure Id find you The blacksmith puts the sword down and turns around, revealing GENDRY, the bastard son of Robert Baratheon
davos;Season 7;I thought you might still be rowing GENDRY chuckles an smiles
davos;Season 7;I looked in shops, taverns, brothels I should have known to come straight to the Street of Steel
gendry;Season 7;Werent you worried about the Goldcloaks?
davos;Season 7;I havent been here in years Why should they recognize me? Sometimes I hardly do Nothing fucks you harder than time walks to the side of the shop and inspects a rack of swords He pulls one, nods in approval and puts it back in its place He turns back to GENDRY
davos;Season 7;Anybody give you any trouble?
gendry;Season 7;Here I am arming Lannisters I never get a second look You were right Safest place for me was right under the queens nose
davos;Season 7;Dont be so sure Safety is never a permanent state of affairs Bad things are coming nods
gendry;Season 7;You came to get me You want me to come with you
davos;Season 7;I think you need to understand -
gendry;Season 7;Im ready Lets go
davos;Season 7;You should know what youre heading into
gendry;Season 7;Dont you think Ive been thinking about it every swing of the hammer how happy I am making weapons for the family that killed my father? They tried to kill me is tossing his tools and apron to the side He picks up a satchel and swings it over his head
gendry;Season 7;Ive been getting ready I never knew what for, but Ive always known Id know it when it comes
davos;Season 7;You might want to bring one of those swords smiles at DAVOS and begins walking towards the weapons
gendry;Season 7;I dont know much about swinging swords, but this removes a giant war hammer from the wall
gendry;Season 7;this I know GENDRY an turn and walk out of the shop BEAC and GENDRY are walking towards the boa left on the beach
davos;Season 7;Keep your fathers name to yourself The situation is complicated enough already and DAVOS arrive at the boat lays his hammer on top of the boat cargo DAVOS is gathering the anchor and rope Two Goldcloaks begin walking down the beach towards the boat unnoticed by DAVOS an
gendry;Season 7;Who should I say I am turns and notices the two guards approaching the boat He turns and loudly addresses GENDRY
davos;Season 7;I told you, Clovis, if we dont get out of here soon someone is going to -
guard;Season 7;You there Both guards have their hands on their weapons ready to draw starts walking towards the guards and spreads his cloak open GENDRY remains by the boat
davos;Season 7;No weapons, friends I promise What can I do for you?
guard;Season 7;Is that your boat?
davos;Season 7;It is GENDRY looks down into the boat and sees his weapon in plain view
guard;Season 7;The docks are that way
gendry;Season 7;That they are I try to stay away from them to avoid good men such as yourselves The two guards look at each other and chuckle retrieves a coin purse and opens it
davos;Season 7;Still five gold dragons?
guard;Season 7;Are you joking?
guard;Season 7;You must be even older than you look 15
davos;Season 7;15?
guard;Season 7;Apiece angrily reaches into his pouch and pays the men
davos;Season 7;I cant say it was a pleasure doing business with you DAVOS turns and begins walking back to his boat
guard;Season 7;Whats in the boat pauses and turns back to the guards
davos;Season 7;Not more gold
guard;Season 7;Wine?
guard;Season 7;Mmm
guard;Season 7;I like wine
guard;Season 7;Or hams
davos;Season 7;Come and have a look The guards walk over to the boat As they approach walks to the boat and pulls a cover to reveal the cargo As he pulls back the canvas, he throws it over GENDRYs exposed weapon covering it from view There are several baskets of fermented meat The guards twist their faces in disgust
davos;Season 7;Fermented crab
guard;Season 7;What?
davos;Season 7;Fermented crab One bucket of this triples the brothels earnings for the week A man thinks hes done, hes ready to go back to his loving family, but before he gets his britches up his lady of the hour pops a tiny spoon of that into his mouth Five minutes later, hes back in the race Here, have a taste scoops up a bit of fermented crab and offers it to the guards Both men reach out and take a pinch The guards sniff the crab and put it in their mouth They both recoil from the taste and look at each other
davos;Season 7;Id hurry to your favorite establishment or youll put a whole in that chainmail The guards and DAVOS laugh The guards turn and start walking back towards the city GENDRY nods at them as they go TYRION appears at the top of the stairs leading to the beach The Goldcloaks see him as hes walking down the path TYRION walks by the guards and they exchange glances The guards stop and turn back toward the boat
guard;Season 7;Oi, Dwarf quickly walks to cut the guards off
davos;Season 7;I really wouldnt try anymore until you see how the first bite hits you
guard;Season 7;That dwarf The guards blow past DAVOS and begin talking to TYRION
guard;Season 7;Where did you get that scar?
tyrion;Season 7;Fish hook Some men you just cant teach
guard;Season 7;We was looking for a dwarf with a scar like that awhile back is still standing behind the guards He retrieves his gold pouch again and holds it up shaking it
davos;Season 7;Perhaps theres some arrangement? The two guards turn back to DAVOS
guard;Season 7;Arrangement? You gonna arrange to pay us more than Queen Cersei? GENDRY can be seen behind the backs of the guards He slowly retrieves his hammer and creeps up behind GUARD 2 He swings his hammer and connects with the side of the guards head The man drops As GENDRY transitions onto the second guard and swings his hammer, GUARD 1 turns to look and catches a hammer blow to the face is looking at TYRION and motions towards GENDRY
davos;Season 7;This is Gendry
tyrion;Season 7;Hell do The men grab onto the boat and begin to push it into the water
cut to;Season 7;REDKEEP s QUARTERS JAIME opens the door and step into the queens room is seated near a window speaking to QYBURN
cersei;Season 7;That wont be necessary bows his head and walks to leave the room As he passes by JAIME he addresses him
qyburn;Season 7;Ser Jaime QYBURN closes the door as he leaves and CERSEI are alone CERSEI begins walking over to a chair in front o and sits
jaime;Season 7;Why was QYBURN here?
cersei;Season 7;Hes Hand of the Queen Why are you here?
jaime;Season 7;I met with Tyrion pauses for a moment making JAIME uncomfortable
cersei;Season 7;What did our brother have to say?
jaime;Season 7;Daenerys wants to meet
cersei;Season 7;To discuss a surrender?
jaime;Season 7;To discuss an armistice
cersei;Season 7;She just won a great victory Why would she want a truce now?
jaime;Season 7;Because an army of dead men is marching on the Seven Kingdoms Tyrion claims hell have proof smirks and looks away from JAIME
cersei;Season 7;Are you going to punish him?
jaime;Season 7;Tyrion?
cersei;Season 7;Bronn JAIME looks confused
cersei;Season 7;He betrayed you He set up a meeting without your knowledge or consent Do you think anything of importance happens in this city without me knowing?
jaime;Season 7;You let it happen Why?
cersei;Season 7;Ive come to believe that accomodation with the Dragon Queen could be in our immediate interest She has the numbers If we want to beat her we have to be clever We have to fight her like father would have Dead men, dragons and Dragon Queens, whatever stands in our way we will defeat it ourselves for our house For this CERSEI lifts her hands from the chair and places them both on her stomach indicating shes pregnant looks shocked
jaime;Season 7;Who will you say is the father?
cersei;Season 7;You
jaime;Season 7;People wont like that stands from her chair and walks in front of JAIME
cersei;Season 7;Do you remember what father used to say about people?
jaime;Season 7;The lion doesnt concern himself with the opinions of the sheep JAIME reaches forward and take and kisses her While they embrac speaks to JAIME
cersei;Season 7;Never betray me again GENDRY an are walking down the beach near the Dragonglass cave Groups of men are carrying boxes filled with Dragonglass out of the cave and GENDRY are having a discussion
davos;Season 7;Were leaving today The kings got a lot on his mind
gendry;Season 7;I understand
davos;Season 7;He doesnt need to be thinking about harboring the bastard of a dead king
gendry;Season 7;You dont have to worry
davos;Season 7;Youre just Clovis, a smith whos come to pay his respects before he heads off to work at the Winterfell forges
gendry;Season 7;Understood and GENDRY enter the mouth of the cave JON is walking along the corridor
davos;Season 7;Begging your pardon, Your Grace stops and turns around to face DAVOS
jon;Season 7;You survived Kings Landing
davos;Season 7;Yet again
jon;Season 7;Your Grace, this is steps forward in front of DAVOS
gendry;Season 7;Its Gendry, Your Grace Im Robert Baratheons son Bastard son JON looks t
davos;Season 7;He was meant to keep that to himself
gendry;Season 7;Our fathers trusted each other Why shouldnt we?
jon;Season 7;I saw your father once at Winterfell
gendry;Season 7;I met yours in my shop
jon;Season 7;Youre a lot leaner
gendry;Season 7;Youre a lot shorter stops smiling and pauses a moment Then he chuckles
jon;Season 7;I grew up on stories about them
gendry;Season 7;All I ever knew was they fought together and won Ser Davos told me where youre going, Your Grace, and why Let me come with you
davos;Season 7;Dont be a fool Youre not a soldier
gendry;Season 7;No, but Im a fighter And he wont be needing a smith with a sword like that
jon;Season 7;Do you know how to use one? GENDRY shakes his head
jon;Season 7;Well, thats a problem
gendry;Season 7;I prefer a hammer GENDRY looks t
davos;Season 7;He can handle himself nods
jon;Season 7;We could use the help
davos;Season 7;As my father used to say, its better to be a coward for a minute than dead for the rest of your life
gendry;Season 7;I owe you my life Twice over But if what you said is true about whats out there, I cant wait out this war
davos;Season 7;Yeah Nobody mind me All Ive ever done is live to a ripe old age Two landing boats are sitting on the beach surrounded by two groups of men A large sailboat is anchored in the bay JORAH places his sword and a case of Dragonglass into the boat walks down the beach and stands next to JORAH
tyrion;Season 7;You may not believe it, but Ive missed you Mormont Nobody glowers quite like you Not even Grey Worm retrieves a gold coin from his pocket and turns it in his hands
tyrion;Season 7;This is the coin the slaver gave me when I suggested he free us and pay us Remember?
jorah;Season 7;It was supposed to last us the rest of our lives smiles and hands the coin to JORAH
tyrion;Season 7;Take it with you Youll bring it back Our queen needs you JORAH nods to TYRION appears and walks up to JORAH
daenerys;Season 7;We should be better at saying farewell by now
jorah;Season 7;Your Grace, I DAENERYS reaches forward and takes JORAH by his hands SNOW, DAVOS and GENDRY exit the cave and walk towards the boats JORAH bends and kisses DAENERYs hand He turns and continues readying the boat stands in front of DAENERYS
jon;Season 7;If I dont return at least you wont have to deal with the King in the North anymore
daenerys;Season 7;But Ive grown used to him
jon;Season 7;I wish you good fortune in the wars to come, Your Grace DAENERYS nods t turns and walks to the head of the boat The men take hold of it
jon;Season 7;Heave! The men push the boat into the sea DAENERYS and TYRION remain on the beach watching them go
cut to;Season 7;CITADEL SAMWELLs QUARTERS SAM is seated at a table surround by papers and candles He is writing notes into a book Gilly is seated across from him reading aloud from a tome SAM JR is playing on the bed
gilly;Season 7;Do you know how many steps there are in the Citadel?
sam;Season 7;No
gilly;Season 7;15,782 SAM looks up from his work annoyed He remains silent and continues working
gilly;Season 7;Guess how many windows are in the Great Sept of Baelor looks away and pauses
sam;Season 7;None anymore
gilly;Season 7;Thats true This High Septon Meynard, he recorded everything He even recorded his own bowel movements What does annulment mean?
sam;Season 7;Its when a man sets asside his lawful wife
gilly;Season 7;Meynard says here that he issued an anullment for Prince Rhaegar and remarried him to someone else at the same time in a secret ceremony in Dorne Is that a common thing isnt paying much attention to GILLY He loudly interrupts her
sam;Season 7;These maesters, they set me to the task of preserving that mans window counting and anullments and bowel movements for all eternity while the secret to defeating the Night Kings probably sitting on some dusty shelf somewhere completely ignored But thats all right, isnt it We could all become slavering, murderous imbecils enthralled to evil incarnate as long as we can have access to the full records of High Septon Meynards 15,782 shits
gilly;Season 7;Steps That number was steps SAMWELL is dismayed He sets his quill down and grabs the book he was writing in and hands it to SAM Jr He retrieves his cloak and walks out the door
cut to;Season 7;CITADEL LIBRARY SAM is walking through a dark library He heads to the restricted section and unlocks the barred gate He begins removing books and scrolls from shelfs and stuff them in his satchel After retrieving what he needs, SAM quickly walks to the exit of the library He pauses before he leaves and turns around He glances back at the library It is many stories tall lined with countless shelves of books SAMWELL looks at the library one last time, turns and walks out of the door
cut to;Season 7;CITADEL SAMWELL is loading a wagon with his things He walks around to the driver seat and SAM JR are already in the wagon dressed for the road SAM climbs aboard and takes the reins in his hand
gilly;Season 7;Are you sure you want to do this? You always wanted to be a maester
sam;Season 7;Im tired of reading about the achievements of better men The horse neighs and begins pulling the carriage away from the city The Citadel can be seen with a torch burning bright on top of the tallest tower ARYA is in the kennels observing PETER BAELISH and a Winterfell servant having a conversation The servent is whispering in BAELISHs ear ARYA cant hear the conversation ARYA sees BAELISH hand the servant a raven scroll The servant turns to leave BAELISH senses someone is watching him and he looks to where ARYA stood but she has already vanished BAELISH turns and leaves the kennels ARYA is on the upper level looking down at BAELISH He is having a conversation with ROBETT GLOVER and YOHN ROYCE She cant hear whats being said BAELISH finishes his conversation and walks away from the men ARYA disappears behind the corner and continues following BAELISH HALLS ARYA is walking down the hallway She pauses, peers around a corner and looks towards the door of BAELISHs quarters BAELISH appears and unlocks his door Before he walks in MAESTE approaches him She continues watching the men
wolkan;Season 7;I found it, my Lord hands BAELISH a raven scroll
wolkan;Season 7;It took some searching Maester Llewyns archives are thorough reads the note then looks at WOLKAN
littlefinger;Season 7;Are you sure this is the only copy at Winterfell?
wolkan;Season 7;Yes, my Lord
littlefinger;Season 7;Lady Stark thanks you for your service WOLKAN turns and walks away BAELISH enters his room and shuts the door ARYA continues watching A moment later BAELISH opens the door and exits the room, locking the door as he leaves After he is gone ARYA walks to the door and produces a lockpick from her sleeve She enters the room and begins searching for the raven scroll She opens a cabinet but finds nothing of value She checks another cabinet, then looks in the fireplace and above the mantle finding nothing She lifts up the mattress and finds a small hole cut into the bedding She reaches in and retrives the raven scroll She unrolls it and reads the contents Robb, I write to you with a heavy heart Our good king Robert is dead, killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt Father has been charged with treason He conspired with Roberts brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne The Lannisters are treating me very well and provide me with every comfort
i beg you;Season 7;come to Kings Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark Your faithfull sister, Sansa Arya rerolls the note and exits the room She locks the door behind her and leaves the hallway After a moment BAELISH emerges from a dark corner, watching ARYA with a smirk on his face
cut to;Season 7;EASTWATCH BEACH JON and the raiding party land on the Beach of Eastwatch JON looks up at the castle The men collect their equipment and make for the castle
cut to;Season 7;INT EASTWATCH GREAT HAL , JON, DAVOS, GENDRY, and JORAH sit at a table having a conversation
tormund;Season 7;Isnt it your job to talk him out of stupid fucking ideas like this?
davos;Season 7;Ive been failing at that job of late
tormund;Season 7;How many queens are there now?
jon;Season 7;Two
tormund;Season 7;And you need to convince the one with the dragons or the one who fucks her brother?
jon;Season 7;Both
tormund;Season 7;How many men did you bring looks around the table
jon;Season 7;Not enough
tormund;Season 7;The big woman? JON smiles and shakes his head TORMUND is disappointed
jorah;Season 7;We were hoping some of your men could help
davos;Season 7;Ill be staying behind Im a liability out there as you well know nods his head
tormund;Season 7;You are turns to look at JON
tormund;Season 7;You really want to go out there again? JON nods
tormund;Season 7;Youre not the only ones
cut to;Season 7;EASTWATCH CELLS The raiding party walk down to the Eastwatch cells is leading them
tormund;Season 7;My scouts found them a mile south of the Wall Said they were on their way here The men look into the cells It is occupied by SANDOR CLEGANE, THOROS of MYR, and BERIC DONDARRION
jon;Season 7;Youre The Hound I saw you once at Winterfell SANDOR pulls a blanket tight around himself and sits up from the table he was laying on
tormund;Season 7;They want to go beyond the Wall too
beric;Season 7;We dont want to go beyond the Wall, we have to Our lord told us the great war is coming
gendry;Season 7;Dont trust them Dont trust any of them The men turn to look a walks up and presses his face to the bars of the cell
gendry;Season 7;Theyre the Brotherhood And the last thing their Lord told them to do was sell me to a Red Witch to be murdered
jorah;Season 7;Thoros? THOROS sits up from a dark corner
jorah;Season 7;I hardly recognized you
thoros;Season 7;Ser Jorah Mormont TORMUND turns and angrily looks at JORAH
thoros;Season 7;They wont give me anything to drink down here I havent been feeling like myself
tormund;Season 7;Youre a fucking Mormont? Like the last Lord Commander?
jorah;Season 7;He was my father
tormund;Season 7;He hunted us like animals
jorah;Season 7;You returned the favor, as I recall
beric;Season 7;Here we all are at the edge of the world at the same moment heading in the same direction for the same reason
davos;Season 7;Our reasons arent your reasons
beric;Season 7;It doesnt matter what we think our reasons are stands up and walks towards the bars of the cell
beric;Season 7;Theres a greater purpose at work and we serve it together whether we know it or not We may take the steps but the Lord of Light -
sandor;Season 7;For fucks sake, will you shut your hole Are we coming with you or not?
jorah;Season 7;Dont you want to know what were doing?
thoros;Season 7;Is it worse than sitting in a freezing cell waiting to die?
jon;Season 7;Hes right Were all on the same side
gendry;Season 7;How can we be?
jon;Season 7;Were all breathing TORMUND hands the cell keys to JON JON opens the door and let the men out
cut to;Season 7;A raiding party consisting o SNOW, TORMUND, GENDRY BRATHEON, JORAH MORMONT, SANDOR CLEGANE, BERIC DONDARRIAN, THOROS of MYR and several Wildlings are ranging beyond the wall of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea The men trek through a frozen valley filled with jagged rocks The Wildlings are pulling a sled loaded with gear and provisions The camera shifts and the men are climbing a steep mountain covered in snow
jon;Season 7;Are you all right? GENDRY face and grunts
jon;Season 7;Ever been north before?
gendry;Season 7;Never seen snow before
tormund;Season 7;Beautiful, eh? I can breath again Down south the air smells like pig shit
jon;Season 7;Youve never been down south
tormund;Season 7;Ive been to Winterfell
jon;Season 7;Thats the north The group of men continue north A Wildling scout is ahead of the group surveying the area
gendry;Season 7;How do you live up here? How do you keep your balls from freezing off?
tormund;Season 7;You have to keep moving Thats the secret Walking is good, fighting is better, fucking is best
jon;Season 7;Theres not another woman within 100 miles of here turns to look at JON and GENDRY
tormund;Season 7;We have to make due with what weve got JON glances at GENDRY GENDRY backs away from JON an
tormund;Season 7;This one is maybe not so smart
jon;Season 7;Davos says he is a strong fighter
tormund;Season 7;Good Thats more important than being smart looks at JON as they continue to walk
tormund;Season 7;Smart people dont come up here looking for the dead So, you met this Dragon Queen, huh? And?
jon;Season 7;Shell only fight beside us if I bend the knee
tormund;Season 7;You spent too much time with the free folk and now you dont like kneeling Mance Rayder was a great man, a proud man The king beyond the wall never bent the knee How many of his people died for his pride? The camera pans out to a frozen vista The men are walking across broken slabs of ice and tundra There are mountains and a lake of ice in the distance The view shifts to GENDRY walking along wit , BERIC and SANDOR is carrying his wine flask
thoros;Season 7;Are you still mad at us, boy?
gendry;Season 7;You sold me to a witch
thoros;Season 7;Priestess Ill admit, it is a subtle distinction
beric;Season 7;Were fighting a great war Wars cost money
gendry;Season 7;I wanted to be one of you I wanted to join the Brotherhood but you sold me off like a slave Do you know what she did to me? She strapped me down on a bed, she stripped me naked -
sandor;Season 7;Sounds all right so far
gendry;Season 7;and put leeches on me
sandor;Season 7;Was she naked too?
thoros;Season 7;She needed your blood
gendry;Season 7;Yes Thank you I know that steps in front of GENDRY to halt him
sandor;Season 7;It could have been worse
gendry;Season 7;She wanted to kill me They would have killed me if it wasnt for Davos -
sandor;Season 7;But they didnt, did they? So what you whinging about?
gendry;Season 7;Im not whinging
sandor;Season 7;Your lips are moving and youre complaining about something Thats whinging motions to BERIC
sandor;Season 7;This ones been killed six times You dont hear him bitching about it SANDOR walks away to join the group BERIC an smile to each other holds his wine flask out to GENDRY who takes a large gulp and hands it back t
thoros;Season 7;Good lad The camera shifts to the head of the line is walking with JORAH
jon;Season 7;The first time I went north of the wall was with your father
jorah;Season 7;He was a good man He deserved a better son Were you with him at the end?
jon;Season 7;I was a prisoner of the Wildlings But we avenged him I want you to know that every mutineer found justice
jorah;Season 7;I cant think of a worse way for him to go The Nights Watch was his life He would have died to protect every one of those men, and they butchered him
jon;Season 7;I hate that he died that way My father was the most honorable man I ever met He was good all the way through And he died on the executioners block
jorah;Season 7;Your father wanted to execute me
jon;Season 7;I heard
jorah;Season 7;He was in the right of course It didnt make me hate him any less JORAH an glance at each other
jon;Season 7;Im glad he didnt capture you
jorah;Season 7;Me too stops walking and loosens the belt holding his sword
jon;Season 7;Your father gave me this sword He changed the pommel from a bear to a wolf, but its still Long Claw hands the sword to JORAH JORAH slowly takes the sword and looks it over in his hands
jon;Season 7;Lord Commander Mormont thought youd never come back to Westeros JORAH stops examining the sword and looks up t
jon;Season 7;But you are back and its been in your family for centuries Its not right for me to have it pauses, then nods at JON
jorah;Season 7;He gave it to you
jon;Season 7;Im not his son pulls the sword halfway out of the sheath and inspects the blade, turning it in his hands
jorah;Season 7;I brought shame to my house I broke my fathers heart resheaths the blade and hands it back to JON
jorah;Season 7;I forfeited the right to claim this sword Its yours May it serve you well and your children after you Snow is falling into the courtyard The ground is covered with several inches of snow Several braziers are burning and a servant carries a bucket of steaming water across the grounds is standing on the upper level looking into the courtyard SANSA approaches her from behind
arya;Season 7;Father used to watch us from up here He wouldnt say much You probably dont remember You were inside knitting all the time
sansa;Season 7;I remember
arya;Season 7;One time the boys were shooting arrows with Ser Rodrick I came out here after and Bran had left his bow behind just lying on the ground Ser Rodrick would have cuffed him if he saw There was one arrow in the target There was no one around, just like now No one to stop me So I started shooting And every shot I had to go out there and get my one arrow and walk back and shoot it again I wasnt very good Finally I hit the bullseye It could have been the 20th shot or the 50th I dont remember But I hit the bullseye and I heard this starts a slow clap
arya;Season 7;I looked up and hes standing right here smiling down at me I knew what I was doing was against the rules But he was smiling so I knew it wasnt wrong The rules were wrong I was doing what I was meant to be doing and he knew it Now hes dead Killed by the Lannisters with your help turns to look at ARYA
sansa;Season 7;What retrieves a raven scroll from her pocket and unrolls it
arya;Season 7;Thats your pretty handwriting Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because I couldnt write as well as you Robb, I write to you today with heavy heart Our good King Robert is dead Killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt -
sansa;Season 7;You dont have to read it I remember
arya;Season 7;Father has been charged with treason He conspired with Roberts brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort I beg you, come to Kings Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark Your faithful sister, Sansa
sansa;Season 7;They forced me to do it
arya;Season 7;Did they With a knife at your throat? Did they put you on a rack and stretch you until your bones started to pop?
sansa;Season 7;You dont know what it was like I was a child
arya;Season 7;So was I I would have let them kill me before I betrayed my family
sansa;Season 7;They told me it was the only way to save father
arya;Season 7;And you were stupid enough to believe them I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and Cersei when they dragged father too the block I remember the pretty dress you were wearing I remember the fancy way you did your hair
sansa;Season 7;You were there?
arya;Season 7;I was there standing in the crowd near Baelors statue
sansa;Season 7;And what did you do? Did you come running to the rescue? Did you fight off the Lannisters and save father?
arya;Season 7;I wanted to
sansa;Season 7;But you didnt Just like me
arya;Season 7;I didnt betray him I didnt betray Robb I didnt betray our entire family for my beloved Joffrey
sansa;Season 7;You should be on your knees thanking me Were standing in Winterfell again because of me You didnt win it back Jon didnt win it back He lost the Battle of the Bastards nights of the Vale won the battle and they rode north for me while you were off where, traveling the world?
arya;Season 7;I was training
sansa;Season 7;Training Well, while you were training I suffered things you can never imagine
arya;Season 7;Oh, I dont know about that I can imagine quite a lot
sansa;Season 7;You never would have survived what I survived
arya;Season 7;I guess well never know
sansa;Season 7;What are you doing to do with that letter
arya;Season 7;I dont know yet
sansa;Season 7;Who did you show it to? Where did you find it?
arya;Season 7;Youre scared, arent you? What are you scared of? You didnt commit any crimes No ones going to hang you
sansa;Season 7;Arya -
arya;Season 7;Are you scared Ill show it to Jon and hell be angry? No Thats not Jon Hell understand You were just a scared little girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters
sansa;Season 7;Do you know how happy Cersei would be if she saw us fighting? This is exactly what she wants This is what shes always wanted, to tear us apart -
arya;Season 7;The northern lords will read it They wouldnt think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did Cerseis bidding What would little Lyanna Mormont say? Shes younger than you were when you wrote this Are you going to say, But I was just a child ?
sansa;Season 7;Youre angry Sometimes anger makes people do unfortunate things
arya;Season 7;Sometimes fear makes them do unfortunate things Ill go with anger ARYA turns and walks away
cut to;Season 7;The raiding party are marching single file acorss the frozen tundra SANDOR stops to tie a fur cover over his boot that came loose approaches him
tormund;Season 7;You’re the one they call the dog
sandor;Season 7;Fuck off
tormund;Season 7;They told me you were mean Were you born mean or you just hate Wildlings?
sandor;Season 7;I dont give two shits about Wildlings looks up at TORMUND
sandor;Season 7;Gingers I hate
tormund;Season 7;Gingers are beautiful We are kissed by fire Just like you TORMUND points and motions t s burned face slaps his hand away
sandor;Season 7;Dont point your fucking finger at me SANDOR walks away to rejoin the group begins smiling and walks after him
tormund;Season 7;Did you trip into the fire when you were a baby?
sandor;Season 7;I didnt trip I was pushed
tormund;Season 7;Ever since youve been mean
sandor;Season 7;Will you fuck off?
tormund;Season 7;I dont think youre truly mean You have sad eyes stops and turns to TORMUND
sandor;Season 7;Do you want to suck my dick? Is that it?
tormund;Season 7;Dick?
sandor;Season 7;Cock
tormund;Season 7;Ah Dick I like it
sandor;Season 7;I bet you do SANDOR turns and begins walking follows
tormund;Season 7;Nope Its pussy for me I have a beauty waiting for me back at Winterfell If I ever get back there Yellow hair Blue eyes Tallest woman youve ever seen Almost as tall as you stops and glances at TORMUND
sandor;Season 7;Brienne of Tarth
tormund;Season 7;You know her?
sandor;Season 7;Youre with Brienne of fucking Tarth?
tormund;Season 7;Well, not with her yet, but I see the way she looks at me
sandor;Season 7;How does she look at you? Like she wants to carve you up and eat your liver nods
tormund;Season 7;You do know her
sandor;Season 7;Weve met SANDOR an begin walking
tormund;Season 7;I want to make babies with her Think of the great big monsters Theyd conquer the world
sandor;Season 7;How did a mad fucker like you live this long?
tormund;Season 7;Im good at killing people The camera shifts to the middle of the line JON an are walking together
beric;Season 7;You dont much look like him
jon;Season 7;Whos that?
beric;Season 7;Your father I suppose you favor your mother
jon;Season 7;You knew him?
beric;Season 7;Of course I did When he was Hand he sent me off hunting for The Mountain Your Wildling friend told me the red woman brought you back Thoros has brought me back six times We both serve the same lord
jon;Season 7;I serve the north
beric;Season 7;The north didnt raise you from the dead
jon;Season 7;The lord of light never spoke to me I dont know anything about him I dont know what he wants from me
beric;Season 7;He wants you alive
jon;Season 7;Why?
beric;Season 7;I dont know
jon;Season 7;Thats all anyone can tell me, I dont know So whats the point in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants
beric;Season 7;I think about that all the time I dont think its our purpose to understand except one thing Were soldiers We have to know what were fighting for Im not fighting so some man or woman I barely know can sit on a throne made of swords
jon;Season 7;So what are you fighting for?
beric;Season 7;Life Death is the enemy The first enemy and the last
jon;Season 7;But we all die
beric;Season 7;The enemy always wins And we still need to fight him Thats all I know You and I wont find much joy while were here But we can keep others alive We can defend those who cant defend themselves
jon;Season 7;I am the shield that guards the realms of men
beric;Season 7;Maybe we dont need to understand any more than that Maybe thats enough
jon;Season 7;Aye Maybe thats enough stops and looks into the distance There is a steep mountain ascending into the clouds in the distance
sandor;Season 7;Thats what I saw in the fire points towards the mountain
sandor;Season 7;A mountain like an arrowhead
thoros;Season 7;Are you sure turns to THOROS and nods his head
sandor;Season 7;Were getting close The men start walking towards the base of the mountain TYRION is sitting in a chair staring into the fire stands across the room next to the painted table
daenerys;Season 7;Do you know what I like about you turns to look at DAENERYS
tyrion;Season 7;I honestly dont
daenerys;Season 7;Youre not a hero
tyrion;Season 7;Oh Ive been heroic on occasion DAENERYS walks over to the fire and sits in the chair opposite fro
tyrion;Season 7;I once charged through the mud gate of Kings Landing
daenerys;Season 7;I dont want you to be a hero Heroes do stupid things and they die Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all try to outdo each other of who can do the stupidist, bravest thing
tyrion;Season 7;Its interesting these heroes you name Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all fell in love with you
daenerys;Season 7;Jon Snows not in love with me
bronn;Season 7;Oil?
soldier;Season 7;Pitch, my lord
bronn;Season 7;How many barrels?
soldier;Season 7;500, my lord
bronn;Season 7;Get 500 more
soldier;Season 7;Yes, my lord
bronn;Season 7;I still enjoy it when they call me my lord
jaime;Season 7;The thrill will fade
bronn;Season 7;If we live that long Men without cocks You wouldnt find me fighting in an army if I had no cock Whats left to fight for?
jaime;Season 7;Gold?
bronn;Season 7;I spent my life around soldiers What do you think they spend that gold on?
jaime;Season 7;Family
bronn;Season 7;Not without a cock, you dont
jaime;Season 7;Maybe it really is all cocks in the end
bronn;Season 7;Yet, your brother-
jaime;Season 7;Yes, hes always been a champion of the downtrodden
bronn;Season 7;I think were about to be the downtrodden
man;Season 7;Archers, stand tall
man;Season 7;Cover that wall
jon;Season 7;How many people live here?
tyrion;Season 7;A million, give or take
jon;Season 7;Thats more people than the entire North crammed into that Why would anyone want to live that way?
tyrion;Season 7;Theres more work in the city And the brothels are far superior
cersei;Season 7;Why isnt she with them?
qyburn;Season 7;Im afraid I dont know, Your Grace No one has seen her
cersei;Season 7;And the rest of them?
qyburn;Season 7;Theyre on their way to the dragon pit now
cersei;Season 7;Including our brother
qyburn;Season 7;Yes, Your Grace
cersei;Season 7;If anything goes wrong, kill the silver-haired bitch first, then our brother, then the bastard who calls himself king
missandei;Season 7;Why did they build it?
jorah;Season 7;Dragons dont understand the difference between what is theirs and what isnt Land, livestock, children Letting them roam free around a city was a problem
tyrion;Season 7;I imagine it was a sad joke at the end An entire arena for a few sickly creatures smaller than dogs But in the beginning, when it was home to Balerion the Dread, it must have been the most dangerous place in the world
davos;Season 7;Maybe it still is
bronn;Season 7;Welcome, my lords Your friends arrived before you did
bronn;Season 7;Ive been sent to escort you all to the meeting
tyrion;Season 7;A pleasant surprise in an unpleasant situation
podrick;Season 7;I never thought Id see you again, my lord
tyrion;Season 7;Supporting the enemy, no less
podrick;Season 7;Hard to blame you
tyrion;Season 7;Cersei will anyway
podrick;Season 7;Im glad youre alive
bronn;Season 7;Come on! You can suck his magic cock later
soldier;Season 7;Whats in there?
sandor;Season 7;Fuck off
brienne;Season 7;I thought you were dead
sandor;Season 7;Not yet You came pretty close
brienne;Season 7;I was only trying to protect her
sandor;Season 7;You and me both
brienne;Season 7;Shes alive Arya
sandor;Season 7;Where?
brienne;Season 7;Winterfell
sandor;Season 7;Whos protecting her if youre here?
brienne;Season 7;The only one that needs protecting is the one that gets in her way
sandor;Season 7;It wont be me
tyrion;Season 7;Here we are the heroes of Blackwater Bay Strange place for a reunion
podrick;Season 7;It is, my lord
tyrion;Season 7;I dont think Im anyones lord anymore, Podrick Save the titles for Ser Bronn of the Blackwater
bronn;Season 7;Im sure your new queen-
tyrion;Season 7;Youve been thinking about our new queen
varys;Season 7;And that would be double what now, exactly?
bronn;Season 7;Dont you worry about me Im doing all right Looking after myself
tyrion;Season 7;Are you? Helping me to arrange this meeting wasnt exactly looking after yourself, was it? You put yourself at risk
bronn;Season 7;I put yourself at risk Important difference Its your head Queen Cerseis offered a bag of gold for, its not mine Now, thanks to me, shes got two traitors heads coming right through her door She can lop them both off as soon as she gets tired of the clever words that pour out their pieholes All thanks to Ser Bronn of the fucking Blackwater If thats not looking after myself, I dont know what is
tyrion;Season 7;Its good to see you again
bronn;Season 7;Yeah, you, too
sandor;Season 7;Anyone touches it, Ill kill you first
bronn;Season 7;Come on, Pod Lets you and me go have a drink while the fancy folks talk, eh?
sandor;Season 7;I left this shit city because I didnt want to die in it Am I going to die in this shit city?
tyrion;Season 7;You might
sandor;Season 7;And this is all your idea Seems every bad idea has some Lannister cunt behind it
tyrion;Season 7;And some Clegane cunt to help them see it through
sandor;Season 7;Remember me? Yeah, you do Youre even fucking uglier than I am now What did they do to you? Doesnt matter Thats not how it ends for you, brother
cersei;Season 7;Where is she?
tyrion;Season 7;Shell be here soon
cersei;Season 7;Didnt travel with you?
tyrion;Season 7;No
cersei;Season 7;Weve been here for some time
daenerys;Season 7;My apologies
tyrion;Season 7;We are all facing a unique
euron;Season 7;Theon! I have your sister
tyrion;Season 7;I think we ought to begin with larger concerns
euron;Season 7;Then why are you talking? Youre the smallest concern here
tyrion;Season 7;Do you remember when we discussed dwarf jokes? His wasnt even good He explained it at the end Never explain It always ruins it
euron;Season 7;We dont even let your kind live in the Iron Islands, you know? We kill you at birth An act of mercy for the parents
jaime;Season 7;Perhaps you ought to sit down
euron;Season 7;Why?
cersei;Season 7;Sit down or leave
tyrion;Season 7;We are a group of people who do not like one another, as this recent demonstration has shown We have suffered at each others hands We have lost people we love at each others hands If all we wanted was more of the same, there would be no need for this gathering We are entirely capable of waging war against each other without meeting face-to-face
cersei;Season 7;So instead, we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days?
tyrion;Season 7;We all know that will never happen
cersei;Season 7;Then why are we here?
jon;Season 7;This isnt about living in harmony Its just about living The same thing is coming for all of us A general you cant negotiate with An army that doesnt leave corpses behind on the battlefield Lord Tyrion tells me a million people live in this city Theyre about to become a million more soldiers in the Army of the Dead
cersei;Season 7;I imagine for most of them it would be an improvement
jon;Season 7;This is serious I wouldnt be here if it werent
cersei;Season 7;I dont think its serious at all I think its another bad joke If my brother Jaime has informed me correctly, youre asking me for a truce
daenerys;Season 7;Yes Thats all
cersei;Season 7;Thats all? Pull back my armies and stand down while you go on your monster hunt Or while you solidify and expand your position Hard for me to know which it is with my armies pulled back until you return and march on my capital with four times the men
daenerys;Season 7;Your capital will be safe until the northern threat is dealt with You have my word
cersei;Season 7;The word of a would-be usurper
tyrion;Season 7;There is no conversation that will erase the last 50 years We have something to show you
jon;Season 7;We can destroy them by burning them
jon;Season 7;And we can destroy them with dragonglass If we dont win this fight, then that is the fate of every person in the world
jon;Season 7;There is only one war that matters the Great War And it is here
daenerys;Season 7;I didnt believe it until I saw them I saw them all
jaime;Season 7;How many?
daenerys;Season 7;A hundred thousand, at least
euron;Season 7;Can they swim?
jon;Season 7;No
euron;Season 7;Good Im taking the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Islands
cersei;Season 7;What are you talking about?
euron;Season 7;Ive been around the world Ive seen everything, things you couldnt imagine, and this this is the only thing Ive ever seen that terrifies me
euron;Season 7;Im going back to my island You should go back to yours When winters over, well be the only ones left alive
cersei;Season 7;Hes right to be afraid And a coward to run If those things come for us, there will be no kingdoms to rule Everything we suffered will have been for nothing Everything we lost will have been for nothing The crown accepts your truce Until the dead are defeated, they are the true enemy
cersei;Season 7;In return
daenerys;Season 7;Just the King
cersei;Season 7;I would never ask it of you You would never agree to it And if you did, I would trust you even less than I do now I ask it only of Ned Starks son I know Ned Starks son
jon;Season 7;I am true to my word Or I try to be That is why I cannot give you what you ask I cannot serve two queens And I have already pledged myself to Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen
cersei;Season 7;Then there is nothing left to discuss The dead will come north first Enjoy dealing with them We will deal with whatever is left of you
brienne;Season 7;Ser Jaime
jaime;Season 7;Its been good to see you I imagine the next time will be across a battlefield
brienne;Season 7;We both saw what just happened We both saw that thing
jaime;Season 7;Yes, and Im not looking forward to seeing more of them But Im loyal to the queen and youre loyal to Sansa and her dolt brother
brienne;Season 7;Oh, fuck loyalty
jaime;Season 7;Fuck loyalty?
brienne;Season 7;This goes beyond houses and honor and oaths Talk to the queen
jaime;Season 7;And tell her what?
davos;Season 7;I wish you hadnt done that
daenerys;Season 7;Im grateful for your loyalty, but my dragon died so that we could be here If its all for nothing, then he died for nothing
jon;Season 7;I know
tyrion;Season 7;Im pleased you bent the knee to our queen
jon;Season 7;Im not going to swear an oath I cant uphold Talk about my father
tyrion;Season 7;That is indeed a problem The more immediate problem is that were fucked
davos;Season 7;Any ideas as to how we might change that state of affairs?
tyrion;Season 7;Only one Everyone stays here, and I go and talk to my sister
daenerys;Season 7;I didnt come all this way to have my Hand
tyrion;Season 7;I dont want Cersei to murder me either I could have stayed in my cell and saved a great deal of trouble
jon;Season 7;I did this I should go
tyrion;Season 7;Shell definitely murder you I go see my sister
tyrion;Season 7;You spoke with her?
jaime;Season 7;At her until she kicked me out She thinks I was an idiot to trust you A lot of people seem to think that, actually
tyrion;Season 7;Im about to step into a room with the most murderous woman in the world whos already tried to kill me twice, that I know of Whos an idiot?
jaime;Season 7;I suppose we should say goodbye, one idiot to another
cersei;Season 7;I shouldnt be surprised, I suppose Shes your kind of woman a foreign whore who doesnt know her place
tyrion;Season 7;A foreign whore you cant abduct, beat, or intimidate That must be difficult for you
cersei;Season 7;So you bring her here with her pet Northerner, whom youve convinced to bow down before her
tyrion;Season 7;I didnt know about that
cersei;Season 7;And now youve got them both working towards the same goal, the goal youve worked towards your entire life
tyrion;Season 7;Cersei, I didnt know
cersei;Season 7;the destruction of this family
tyrion;Season 7;I am the one preventing that from happening Daenerys didnt want to debate and negotiate She didnt want to bring you words She wanted to bring you fire and blood until I advised her otherwise I dont want to destroy our family I never have
cersei;Season 7;You killed our father
tyrion;Season 7;After he sentenced me to death for a crime I didnt commit, yes, I killed him Hate me for it if you want I hate myself for it in spite of what he was, in spite of what he did to me
cersei;Season 7;Oh, poor little man Your papa was mean to you Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen No one wouldve touched them if Father-
tyrion;Season 7;I have never been more sorry about anything
cersei;Season 7;I will not hear it, not from you
cersei;Season 7;I will not hear it
tyrion;Season 7;All right You love your family, and I have destroyed it I will always be a threat So put an end to me
tyrion;Season 7;If it werent for me, youd have a motherIf it werent for me, youd have a father
tyrion;Season 7;I am more sorry about the children than you could ever know
cersei;Season 7;I will not
tyrion;Season 7;I dont care I loved them You know I did You know it in your heart if theres anything left of it
cersei;Season 7;It doesnt matter Your love doesnt matter Your feelings dont matter I dont care why you did what you did I only care what it cost us It cost us our future
tyrion;Season 7;If theres no future, then why are we here? Why did you allow me to come?
cersei;Season 7;Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction
tyrion;Season 7;Yes, no, not what you hoped for, but you must have hoped for something
cersei;Season 7;What did you hope for? To make Jon Snow submit to your queen
tyrion;Season 7;Mm, not like this
cersei;Season 7;But eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her
tyrion;Season 7;Yes
cersei;Season 7;Why?
tyrion;Season 7;Because I think she will make the world a better place
cersei;Season 7;You said shed destroy Kings Landing
tyrion;Season 7;She knows herself She chose an advisor who would check her worst impulses instead of feeding them
cersei;Season 7;Thats the difference between you I dont care about checking my worst impulses I dont care about making the world a better place Hang the world
cersei;Season 7;That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means And when it came at me, I didnt think about the world Not at all As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea Get on a boat, take those who matter
tyrion;Season 7;Youre pregnant
jon;Season 7;No one is less happy about this than I am
daenerys;Season 7;I know I respect what you did Wish you hadnt done it, but I respect it
daenerys;Season 7;This place was the beginning of the end for my family A dragon is not a slave They were terrifying Extraordinary They filled people with wonder and awe, and we locked them in here They wasted away They grew small And we grew small as well We werent extraordinary without them We were just like everyone else
jon;Season 7;Youre not like everyone else And your family hasnt seen its end Youre still here
daenerys;Season 7;I cant have children
jon;Season 7;Who told you that?
daenerys;Season 7;The witch who murdered my husband
jon;Season 7;Has it occurred to you she might not have been a reliable source of information?
daenerys;Season 7;You were right from the beginning If I had trusted you, everything would be different
jon;Season 7;So, what now?
daenerys;Season 7;I cant forget what I saw north of the Wall And I cant pretend that Cersei wont take back half the country the moment I march north
jon;Season 7;It appears Tyrions assessment was correct Were fucked
cersei;Season 7;My armies will not stand down I will not pull them back to the capital I will march them north to fight alongside you in the Great War The darkness is coming for us all Well face it together And when the Great War is over, perhaps youll remember I chose to help with no promises or assurances from any of you I expect not Call our banners All of them
littlefinger;Season 7;Its not easy for ravens to fly in these storms Perhaps Jon tried to send word earlier
sansa;Season 7;No, this is the way he is, the way hes always been He never asked for my opinion Why would he start now?
littlefinger;Season 7;I cant believe hed surrender the Northern crown without consulting you
sansa;Season 7;This is his writing, his signature He pledged to fight for Daenerys Targaryen Hes bent the knee
littlefinger;Season 7;Ive heard gossip that the Dragon Queen is quite beautiful
sansa;Season 7;What does that have to do with anything?
littlefinger;Season 7;Jon is young and unmarried Daenerys is young and unmarried
sansa;Season 7;You think he wants to marry her?
littlefinger;Season 7;An alliance makes sense Together, theyd be difficult to defeat He was named King
sansa;Season 7;Even if I wanted to, Arya would never go along She always loved Jon far more than she ever loved me, and shed kill anyone who betrayed her family
littlefinger;Season 7;You are family, too Would Arya really murder her own sister?
sansa;Season 7;Do you know what she is now? Do you know what the Faceless Men are?
littlefinger;Season 7;Only by reputation They worship the God of Death, I believe I never trust godly men
sansa;Season 7;Theyre killers And Arya was one of them What do you think shes after?
littlefinger;Season 7;Shes your sister
sansa;Season 7;She could want me dead because she thinks I wronged my family
littlefinger;Season 7;Why did she come to Winterfell?
sansa;Season 7;To kill me for marrying our enemies and betraying my family
littlefinger;Season 7;Why did she unearth the letter Cersei made you write?
sansa;Season 7;To provide proof of my betrayals To provide justification after she murders me
littlefinger;Season 7;And after she murders you, what does she become?
lady jon;Season 7;If we have the Dothraki ride hard on the kingsroad, theyll arrive at Winterfell within the fortnight
daenerys;Season 7;And the Unsullied? We can sail with them to White Harbor, meet the Dothraki here on the kingsroad, then ride together to Winterfell
jorah;Season 7;Perhaps you should fly to Winterfell, Your Grace You have many enemies in the North Thousands fell fighting your fatherAll it takes is one angry man with a crossbow Hell see your silver hair on the kingsroad and know that one well-placed bolt will make him a hero The man who killed the conqueror
jon;Season 7;Its your decision, Your Grace But if were going to be allies in this war, its important for the Northerners to see us as allies If we sail to White Harbor together, I think it sends a better message
daenerys;Season 7;Ive not come to conquer the North Im coming to save the North We sail together
theon;Season 7;Jon
theon;Season 7;Can I speak with you?
jon;Season 7;All right
theon;Season 7;What you did in Kings Landing, what you said You couldve lied to Cersei about bending the knee to Daenerys You risked everything to tell an enemy the truth
jon;Season 7;We went down there to make peace And it seems to me we need to be honest with each other if were going to fight together
theon;Season 7;Youve always known what was right Even when we were all young and stupid, you always knew Every step you take its always the right step
jon;Season 7;Its not It may seem that way from the outside, but I promise you, its not true Ive done plenty of things that I regret
theon;Season 7;Not compared to me, you havent
jon;Season 7;No Not compared to you
theon;Season 7;I always wanted to do the right thing Be the right kind of person But I never knew what that meant It always seemed like theres like there was an impossible choice I had to make Stark or Greyjoy
jon;Season 7;Our father was more of a father
theon;Season 7;He was
jon;Season 7;And you betrayed him Betrayed his memory
theon;Season 7;I did
jon;Season 7;But you never lost him Hes a part of you Just like hes a part of me
theon;Season 7;But the things Ive done
jon;Season 7;Its not my place to forgive you for all of it But what I can forgive, I do You dont need to choose Youre a Greyjoy and youre a Stark
theon;Season 7;When I was Ramsays prisoner, Yara tried to save me Shes the only one who tried to save me She needs me now
jon;Season 7;So, why are you still talking to me?
harrag;Season 7;Load up Load up, lads Go on Tides coming in
theon;Season 7;All of us chose to follow Yara We left the Iron Islands for Yara She would never leave one of us behind Were not leaving her behind
harrag;Season 7;Your sister-
theon;Season 7;Shes not dead
harrag;Season 7;Shes dead Even if Euron hasnt cut her throat yet, shes dead
theon;Season 7;Shes our queen
harrag;Season 7;Shes your sister
theon;Season 7;I did I ran from my uncle
harrag;Season 7;So, why in fucks name should we listen to you? They say the dead cant swim Were going to sail east, find a nice, quiet island, kill all the men, and take their wives for ourselves
theon;Season 7;Were done with all that
harrag;Season 7;Who says we are?
theon;Season 7;Yara did She made a pledge Were going to find her, and were going to set her free
harrag;Season 7;Run away, little Theon Its what you do best
man;Season 7;He needs to shut his mouth
man;Season 7;Hey
man;Season 7;Oh, yes
man;Season 7;Thats more like it
harrag;Season 7;Stay down or Ill kill you
harrag;Season 7;I said stay down or Ill kill you
theon;Season 7;Not for me For Yara
men;Season 7;Yara
sansa;Season 7;Have my sister
arya;Season 7;Are you sure you want to do this?
sansa;Season 7;Its not what I want Its what honor demands
arya;Season 7;And what does honor demand?
sansa;Season 7;That I defend my family from those who would harm us That I defend the North from those who would betray us
arya;Season 7;All right, then Get on with it
sansa;Season 7;You stand accused of murder You stand accused of treason How do you answer these charges Lord Baelish?
arya;Season 7;My sister
littlefinger;Season 7;Lady Sansa, forgive me Im a bit confused
sansa;Season 7;Which charges confuse you? Lets start with the simplest one you murdered our aunt, Lysa Arryn You pushed her through the Moon Door and watched her fall Do you deny it?
littlefinger;Season 7;I did it to protect you
sansa;Season 7;You did it to take power in the Vale Earlier, you conspired to murder Jon
littlefinger;Season 7;Whatever your aunt
sansa;Season 7;You had Aunt Lysa send a letter to our parents telling them it was the Lannisters who murdered Jon
littlefinger;Season 7;I know of no such letter
sansa;Season 7;You conspired with Cersei Lannister and Joffrey Baratheon to betray our father
littlefinger;Season 7;I deny it! None of you were there to see what happened None of you knows the truth
bran;Season 7;You held a knife to his throat
bran;Season 7;You said, I did warn you not the trust me
arya;Season 7;You told our mother
littlefinger;Season 7;Lady Sansa, I have known you since you were a girl Ive protected you
sansa;Season 7;Protected me? By selling me to the Boltons?
littlefinger;Season 7;If we could speak alone, I can explain everything
sansa;Season 7;Sometimes when Im trying to understand a persons motives, I play a little game I assume the worst Whats the worst reason you have for turning me against my sisterThats what you do, isnt it? Thats what youve always done turn family against family, turn sister against sister Thats what you did to our mother
littlefinger;Season 7;Sansa, please
sansa;Season 7;Im a slow learner, its true But I learn
littlefinger;Season 7;Give me a chance to defend myself I deserve that
littlefinger;Season 7;I am Lord Protector of the Vale and I command you to escort me safely back to the Eyrie
john royce;Season 7;I think not
littlefinger;Season 7;Sansa, I beg you! I loved your mother since the time I was a boy
sansa;Season 7;And yet, you betrayed her
littlefinger;Season 7;I loved you More than anyone
sansa;Season 7;And yet, you betrayed me
sansa;Season 7;When you brought me back to Winterfell, you told me theres no justice in the world, not unless we make it Thank you for all your many lessons, Lord Baelish I will never forget them
littlefinger;Season 7;Sansa! I-
jaime;Season 7;Our men in Kings Landing will march north in three days time
man;Season 7;Itll take us a fortnight just to gather supplies for the train
jaime;Season 7;We dont have a fortnight If the North falls, we fall Three days The remaining forces in the Westerlands will take the river road east Well meet at Lord Harroways Town and march together to Winterfell
cersei;Season 7;Ser Jaime
jaime;Season 7;Your Grace
cersei;Season 7;My lords, I need a moment with my brother
men;Season 7;Your Grace
cersei;Season 7;What are you doing?
jaime;Season 7;Preparing the expedition north
cersei;Season 7;Expedition north? I always knew you were the stupidest Lannister The Starks and Targaryens have united against us, and you want to fight alongside them? Are you a traitor or an idiot?
jaime;Season 7;You pledged our forces to fight our common enemy
cersei;Season 7;Ill say whatever I need to say to ensure the survival of our house You expect me to trust the man who murdered our father
jaime;Season 7;You saw it with your own eyes You saw a dead man trying to kill us
cersei;Season 7;I saw it burn If dragons cant stop them, if Dothraki and Unsullied and Northmen cant stop them, how will our armies make a difference?
jaime;Season 7;This isnt about noble houses, this is about the living and the dead
cersei;Season 7;And I intend to stay amongst the living Let the Stark boy and his new queen-
jaime;Season 7;I made a promise
cersei;Season 7;Our child will rule Westeros
jaime;Season 7;Our child will never be born if the dead come south
cersei;Season 7;The monsters are real The white walkers, the dragons, the Dothraki screamers all the frightening stories we heard when we were young, theyre all real So be it Let the monsters kill each other And while they battle in the North, we take back the lands that belong to us
jaime;Season 7;And then what?
cersei;Season 7;And then we rule
jaime;Season 7;When the fighting in the North is over, someone wins You understand that, dont you? If the dead win, they march south and kill us all If the living win, and weve betrayed them, they march south and kill us all
cersei;Season 7;The Targaryens and the Starks already want to kill us all Most of them will die in the North
jaime;Season 7;I faced them in the field We cant beat them We cant beat their dragons
cersei;Season 7;How many dragons did you see at the pit?
jaime;Season 7;Two
cersei;Season 7;What happened to the third?
jaime;Season 7;For all we know, its guarding her fleet
cersei;Season 7;She came here with her dragons and her Dothraki and her Unsullied She came here to show us all her power No, something happened.The dragons are vulnerable
jaime;Season 7;We cant beat the Dothraki We dont have the numbers We dont have the support of the other houses
cersei;Season 7;No, we have something better We have the Iron Bank You shouldve listened more when Father-
jaime;Season 7;The Golden Company is not here Theyre in Essos How is a mercenary company in Essos going to help us?
cersei;Season 7;Do you really think Euron Greyjoy turned tail and sailed back to the Iron Islands? Do you think he abandoned the chance to marry the queen?
jaime;Season 7;You plotted with Euron Greyjoy without telling me, the commander
cersei;Season 7;And you conspired with Tyrion, the man who murdered our father without telling me, your queen
jaime;Season 7;I didnt conspire with him
cersei;Season 7;You met with him in secret without my consent You planned to promote my enemies interests That is the definition of conspiracy
jaime;Season 7;I pledged to ride north I intend to honor that pledge
cersei;Season 7;And that will be treason
jaime;Season 7;Treason?
cersei;Season 7;Disobeying your queen
jaime;Season 7;Doesnt matter what Id call it
cersei;Season 7;I told you no one walks away from me
jaime;Season 7;Are you going to order him to kill me? Im the only one you have left Our children are gone
cersei;Season 7;Theres one more yet to come
jaime;Season 7;Give the order, then
jaime;Season 7;I dont believe you
bran;Season 7;Come in
bran;Season 7;Samwell Tarly
sam;Season 7;I wasnt sure if youd remember me
bran;Season 7;I remember everything
bran;Season 7;You helped us get beyond the Wall Youre a good man
sam;Season 7;Oh, well, thank you, but, um, Im not sure that I am What happened to you beyond the Wall?
bran;Season 7;I became the Three-Eyed Raven
sam;Season 7;Oh! I dont know what that means
bran;Season 7;I can see things that happened in the past I can see things happening now all over the world Why did you come to Winterfell?
sam;Season 7;Um, Jons the one to lead the fight against the dead I know he is But he cant do it alone, so Ive come here to help him
bran;Season 7;Hes on his way back to Winterfell with Daenerys Targaryen You you saw this in a vision?
sam;Season 7;Oh
bran;Season 7;He needs to know the truth
sam;Season 7;The truth about what?
bran;Season 7;About himself No one knows No one but me Jon isnt really my fathers son Hes the son of Rhaegar Targaryen and my aunt
sam;Season 7;Its not
bran;Season 7;Dornish bastards are named Sand
sam;Season 7;At the Citadel, I transcribed a High Septons diary He annulled Rhaegars marriage to Elia He wed Rhaegar and Lyanna in a secret ceremony
bran;Season 7;Are you certain?
sam;Season 7;Its what the High Septon wrote in his private diary I dont know why hed lie Is this something you can see?
rhaegar;Season 7;Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days
lyanna;Season 7;Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days
bran;Season 7;Roberts Rebellion was built on a lie Rhaegar didnt kidnap my aunt
bran;Season 7;He loved her And she loved him
bran;Season 7;And Jon Jons real name
lyanna;Season 7;His name is Aegon
bran;Season 7;Hes never been a bastard
brans voice;Season 7;He needs to know We need to tell him
arya;Season 7;Are you all right?
sansa;Season 7;Its just strange In his own horrible way, I believe he loved me
arya;Season 7;You did the right thing
sansa;Season 7;You did it
arya;Season 7;Im just the executioner You passed the sentence Youre the Lady
sansa;Season 7;Does that bother you?
arya;Season 7;I was never going to be as good a lady as you So I had to be something else I never could have survived what you survived
sansa;Season 7;You would have Youre the strongest person I know
arya;Season 7;I believe thats the nicest thing youve ever said to me
sansa;Season 7;Well, dont get used to it Youre still very strange and annoying
arya;Season 7;In winter, we must protect ourselves Look after one another
father arya;Season 7;I miss him
sansa;Season 7;Me, too
beric;Season 7;Its a long way down
tormund;Season 7;Yeah The crows keep telling me Ill get used to it
man;Season 7;I can see movement Watch, on the tree line
man;Season 7;What is it?
tormund;Season 7;Come on Run Run
