Rick	Morty! You gotta come on. Jus'... you gotta come with me.
Morty	What, Rick? What’s going on?
Rick	I got a surprise for you, Morty.
Morty	It's the middle of the night. What are you talking about?
Rick	Come on, I got a surprise for you.  Come on, hurry up.
Morty	Ow! Ow! You're tugging me too hard!
Rick	We gotta go, gotta get outta here, come on. Got a surprise for you Morty.
Rick	What do you think of this... flying vehicle, Morty? I built it outta stuff I found in the garage.
Morty	Yeah, Rick... I-it's great. Is this the surprise?
Rick	Morty. I had to... I had to do it. I had— I had to— I had to make a bomb, Morty. I had to create a bomb.
Morty	What?! A bomb?!
Rick	We're gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start, Morty. Create a whole fresh start.
Morty	T-t-that's absolutely crazy!
Rick	Come on, Morty. Just take it easy, Morty. It's gonna be good. Right now, we're gonna go pick up your little friend Jessica.
Morty	Jessica? From my math class?
Rick	When I drop the bomb you know, I want you to have somebody, you know? I want you to have the thing. I'm gonna make it like a new Adam an
Morty	Ohh...
Rick	And Jessica's gonna be Eve.
Morty	Whhhh-wha?
Rick	And so that's the surprise, Morty.
Morty	No, you can't!  Jessica doesn't even know I exist! But—but, but forget about that, because you can't blow up humanity!
Rick	I-I get what you're trying to say, Morty. Listen, I'm not...  You don't got... Y-you don’t gotta worry about me trying to fool around wi
Morty	What are you talking about, Rick?
Rick	You-you don't have to worry about me getting with Jessica or anything. Sh-sh-she— she, she, she's all for you, Morty.
Morty	I don't care about Jessica! Y-Yyyyyyyyyyou—
Rick	You know what, Morty? You're right.  Let's forget the girl altogether. She, she's probably nothing but trouble, anyways.
Morty	That's it... that's it, Rick. I'm taking the wheel.
Rick	Get off of me, Morty!
Morty	I'm taking charge of this situation, buddy!  I'm put—I’m, I'm, I'm, I'm puttin’... I-I’m, I’m, I’m not gonna stand around like some sor
Rick	Come on! What’s gotten into you? If you love Earth so much why don’t you marry it?  What are you, crazy? Alright, alright, Morty.
Rick	Alright. I'll-I'll land. I'll land. I'll land. I'll land the thing. I’ll land the thing. Big tough guy all of a sudden.
Rick	We'll park it right here, Morty. Right here on the side of the ree... road here.
Morty	Oh, thank god.
Rick	You know what? That was all a test, Morty. Just an elaborate test to make you more assertive.
Morty	It was?
Rick	Sure. Why not? I don’t, I don't know. Y-you know what, Mo—
Morty	Um...
Jerry	I see there's a new episode of that singing show tonight. Who do you guys think is gonna be the best singer?
Summer	Oh my God, his head is in his food. I'm going to puke.
Beth	Morty, are you getting sick?  I told you not to practice-kiss the living room pillow. The dog sleeps on it.
Morty	I wasn't kissing a pillow, mom. I just I didn't get a lot of sleep last night. Maybe my dreams were just too loud or something.
Summer	Or maybe you were out all night again with Grandpa Rick.
Jerry	What?
Beth	Dad?
Rick	What, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? You realize that nighttime makes up half of all time?
Jerry	Damn it!
Beth	Jerry!
Jerry	Beth!
Summer	Oh my god, my parents are so loud, I want to die.
Rick	Mm, there is no God, Summer. You gotta rip that band-aid off now. You'll thank me later.
Jerry	Okay, with all due respect, Rick— what am I talking about? What respect is due? How is my son supposed to pass his classes if you keep
Rick	Listen, Jerry. I-I-I don't want to overstep my bounds or anything. It's your house. It's your world. You're a real Julius Caesar but I'l
Beth	Oh, dad…
Jerry	What? For real?
Mr. Goldenfold	Alright, now, everybody get settled. Get away from the windows!
Mr. Goldenfold	Now, look, we're gonna be dealing with some real serious stuff today. You might have heard of it. It's called math? And withou
Morty	Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold	Five plus five.
Morty	Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold	Okay, good. It's time for the quiz.
Mr. Goldenfold	Yeah, you know what?! Aw, too bad! Tough! First row, take one. Pass it back for me. The stakes are high in this room.  There's
Jessica	Hi, Morty.
Morty	Whoa! Hi, Jessica.
Jessica	Can I show these to you?
Morty	Wow. Th-they're both great. Thank you!
Jessica	You know what I named these? My little Morties.
Morty	Uh, that's flattering... and a little weird.
Jessica	Do you know what I want you to do with them?
Morty	Rename them?
Jessica	Squeeze them. Manhandle them. Give them the business. See if you can shuffle them. I mean, really get in there and knock them around.
Morty	Wow. Well, okay, Jessica. L-let's give this a shot.
Jessica	Mm. Oh, Morty. What are you doing to me?
Morty	Uh, I-I'm just doing my best.
Mr. Goldenfold	Morty! What are you doing to me?!
Morty	Ah, Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold	Morty!
Morty	Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold	Five more minutes of this, and I'm gonna get mad.
Morty	Je-Jessica. Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold	Not my fault this is happening.
Morty	Uh, morning, Frank.
Morty	Oh, geez, Frank. I don't know if a knife is necessary. I mean, you know, y-you kind of had things handled without it.
Rick	There you are, Morty. Listen to me. I got an errand to run in a whole different dimension. I need an extra pair of hands.
Morty	Oh, geez, Rick. W-w-what'd you do to Frank?
Rick	It's pretty obvious, Morty. I froze him. Now listen I need your help, Morty. I mean, we got we got to get get the hell out of here and g
Morty	I don't know, Rick. I can't leave school again.
Rick	Do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there, Morty? What do you think I can just do it all by myself? Come on!
Morty	Aw, geez. Okay. I guess I can skip history. What about Frank? I mean, shouldn't you unfreeze him?
Rick	I'll do it later, Morty. He'll be fine. Let's go.
Summer	Hi, Frank.
Summer	AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!
Beth	Scalpel.
Jerry	Knock, knock.
Beth	Jerry?
Jerry	"My manager gave me an hour for lunch, and I thought, ""hey, why not swing by where your wife works?"""
Beth	Jerry, please tell me you're here for an incredibly urgent reason.
Jerry	Well, it's lunch. I mean, it's one of three meals that have existed for millennia.
Beth	Okay, I only ask, Jerry, because, as you know, my job involves performing heart surgery.
Jerry	Well, yeah, on horses.
Beth	Excuse me?
Jerry	Okay, Let's not rehash that fight. I sense that you're busy and will now be on my way.
Jerry	Whoa! What is this on the floor? Some kind of literature for a really nice-looking nursing home. Hey, honey, crazy idea bad pitch let'
Beth	Hey, Tom! We know when we're losing him. WE CAN HEAR THE BEEPS!
Rick	There she is. All right. Come on, Morty. Let's go.
Morty	Oh, geez, okay.
Morty	Oh, man, Rick. What is this place?
Rick	It's Dimension 35-C, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree, Morty, called a Mega Tree, and there's fru
Morty	Oh, man, Rick. I'm looking around this place, and I'm starting to work up some anxiety about this whole thing.
Rick	All right, all right, calm down. Listen to me, Morty. I know that new situations can be intimidating. You're looking around, and it's a
Rick	HOLY CRAP, MORTY RUN!!!
Rick	I never seen that thing before in my life. I don't even know what the hell it is! We got to get out of here, Morty! It's gonna kill us!
Rick	Oh, Morty, take a deep breath. Breathe that breathe that fresh air in, Morty. Y-you smell that? That's the smell of adventure, Morty. T
Morty	All right, Rick, look how much longer is this gonna be? Shouldn't I be back at school by now?
Rick	Are you joking me? I mean, look at all the crazy crap surrounding us. Look at that thing right there.  What the hell is that thing? You
Morty	Yeah, Rick, I get it. We're surrounded by monsters. That's kind of the reason why I want to leave.
Rick	Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. Morty, you see this?
Rick	You see what we just stumbled upon, Morty? Any idea what that is down there?
Morty	The mega trees?
Rick	That's right, Morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that's what I'm talking about, Morty. That's where my seeds are. If
Morty	All right, all right. So, what's so special about these seeds, anyways?
Rick	You ask a lot of questions, Morty. Not very charismatic. It makes you kind of an  under-  underfoot figure.
Rick	Just take these shoes, Morty. They're  special grappling shoes. When you're wearing these things, these babies, you can basically just
Morty	AAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!
Rick	You have to turn them on, Morty! The shoes have to be turned on!
Beth	I am not putting my father in a home! He just came back into my life, and you want to grab him and stuff him under a mattress like last
Jerry	I told you I was ordering you something for Valentine's Day. More importantly, your father is a horrible influence on our son.
Beth	It's fine, Davin.
Jerry	Since we're fighting, if you ever have an affair with that guy, I will come to the hotel room and blow my brains out all over your nak
Beth	Look, I appreciate the stress you're under, but Morty was having trouble in school way before my dad moved in, and the only influence I
Jerry	Well, maybe you're right.
Beth	Uh, yeah, maybe I am. I'm my father's daughter. I'm smart. Why do you think I'm a heart surgeon?
Jerry	Ahem, Horse heart surgeon.
Principal Vagina	Hello? Mrs. Smith? This is Principal Vagina, no relation. I wonder if you and Morty's father might be able to have a chat w
Rick	Morty, oh, you really d-did a number on  your legs right now. You know, you got to turn  the shoes on, Morty, for them to work. Yeah, l
Morty	I'm in a lot of pain, Rick!
Rick	Yeah, I can see that. But do you think you'll still be able to help me collect my seeds, Morty?
Morty	Are you kidding me?! That's it, Rick! That's the last straw! I can't believe this! I'm sitting here with both of my legs broken, and y
Rick	Okay, hold on just a second, Morty.
Morty	Ooh! Ohh! Ooh! Hnngh! Hoo! Ooh! Ohh! Aaaaagh! Oooooh!
Morty	Ooh, Ohh, Ooh. Wow, Rick. That stuff just healed my broken legs instantly. I mean, I've never felt so good in my life. Thank you.
Rick	Don't worry about it, Morty. Just come help me get these seeds, all right, buddy?
Morty	Sure thing, Rick.
Rick	Not that you asked, Morty, but what just happened there is I went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had bro
Morty	Wow, that's pretty crazy, Rick.
Rick	There's just one problem, Morty one little hang-up. The dimension I visited was so advanced, that  they had also halted the aging proce
Morty	What?!
Rick	It's as good as garbage, Morty. It's not gonna work anymore, Morty.
Morty	Oh, geez, Rick, that's not good. W-what are we gonna do? I-I have to be back at school right now. How are we gonna get back home?
Rick	There's ways to get back home, Morty. It's just it's just gonna be a little bit of a hassle. We're gonna have to go through interdimens
Morty	Uh-oh.
Rick	When we get to customs, I'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and I'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your
Morty	In my butt?
Rick	Put them way up inside there, as far as they can fit.
Morty	Oh, geez, Rick. I really don't want to have to do that.
Rick	Well, somebody's got to do it, Morty. Th-these seeds aren't gonna get through customs unless they're in someone's rectum, Morty
Morty	Uuuh.
Rick	And they'll fall right out of mine. I've done this too many times, Morty. I mean, you're young. Y-y-you've got your whole life ahead of
Morty	In my butt?
Rick	Come on, Morty. Please, Morty. You have to do it, Morty.
Morty	Oh, man.
Principal Vagina	The fact is, your son, Morty, has attended this school for a total of seven hours over the last two months.
Beth	What? Why didn't you notify us?
Principal Vagina	I done been notifying you. Have you not been getting the messages I've been leaving with Morty's grandfather?
Jerry	Boom! Told you! In your face! He is ruining our child! Wait, what am I celebrating?
Principal Vagina	Yeah, see, I thought something was fishy there, because it's usually Morty's grandpa that's taking him out of school.
Beth	Summer?
Summer	What kind of God lets this happen?
Principal Vagina	We had a little incident. A student was frozen to death.  And there's no evidence that a Latino student did it! Everyone wan
Announcer	The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
Announcer	The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
Rick	I don't like it here, Morty. I can't abide bureaucracy. I don't like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation.
Morty	Yeah, Rick. Let's just get this over with, okay? I mean, these things are pointy. They hurt.
Rick	That means they're good ones. You're a good kid, Morty. Those mega seeds are super valuable to my work. You've been a huge help to me.
Rick	Why does he have to go over there?
Rick	What new-  what new machine?
Rick	Run, Morty! Run!
Morty	Aaaaaah!
Morty	Ohhhhh!
Morty	Ohhhhhh!
Morty	Aaaaah!
Rick	Don't think about it!
Rick	Ooh! Oh, nice, Morty! The student becomes the teacher.
Morty	Whoooooo!
Rick	I need to type in the coordinates to our home world, Morty. Cover me.
Morty	Oh, man. I mean, you know, I-I don't want to shoot nobody.
Rick	They're just robots, Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're robots!
Morty	They're not robots, Rick!
Rick	It's a figure of speech, Morty. They're bureaucrats. I don't respect them. Just keep shooting, Morty. You have no idea what prison is l
Morty	Holy crap! This is insane!
Rick	Come on, Morty! We got to get the hell out of here!
Jessica	Wow. Did you just come into the cafeteria through a portal?
Morty	Uh, yeah. Well, you know, my-my Ferrari's in the shop.  Just kidding.
Jessica	You're Morty, right?
Morty	Yeah.
Rick	You can get his number later. Come on, Morty. We got to get out of here. You got to get those seeds out of your ass.
Jerry	Oh, look, honey. It's our son with Albert Ein-douche.
Beth	What?
Jerry	I'm an angry father, not an improviser.
Rick	Oh, hi, Jerry. Oh, my goodness, Morty! What are you doing out of class? We talked about this. Your-your parents and I are very disappoi
Rick	You guys should really not be touching that stuff. It's beyond your reasoning.
Jerry	You're beyond our reasoning!
Rick	Takes one to know one.
Beth	Dad, how could you make my son miss an entire semester of school? I mean, it's not like he's a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life
Rick	What what are you guys doing with my stuff?
Beth	We're moving you to a nursing home.
Rick	A nursing home? What are what are you, nuts? I'm a genius. I build robots for fun.
Jerry	Well, now you can build baskets and watch Paul Newman movies on VHS and mentally scar the Boy Scouts every Christmas.
Beth	What does that mean?
Jerry	It's personal.
Morty	Dad, mom, come on. Rick just needed my help is all.
Jerry	Morty, stay out of this. You are obviously not capable of judging these situations on your own.
Rick	What are you trying to say about Morty? That he's stupid or something?
Beth	Oh, don't high-road us, dad. You know fully well that Morty is the last child that needs to be missing classes.
Rick	I-I-I don't know what you mean by that. Can can can you be a little bit more specific?
Jerry	Oh, for crying out—he's got some kind of disability or something. Is that what you want us to say?
Morty	I do?
Jerry	Well, duh doy, son. Look, I love you, Morty, but we both know you're not as fast as the other kids, and if you want to compete in this
Morty	Aw, geez, dad. Y-you know, that's a lot to drop on a kid all at once.
Rick	Morty, t-tell your parents the square root of pi.
Morty	Oh, come on, Rick. You know I can't.
Rick	The square root of Pi, Morty. Go!
Morty	1.77245385... Whoa!
Beth	What the hell?
Jerry	Holy crap. He's right.
Rick	Morty, tell your parents the first law of Thermodynamics.
Morty	"""The increment in the internal energy of a system is equal to the increment of heat supplied to the system."" Wow! I'm so smart!"
Jerry	But—
Rick	I told the both of you school is stupid. It's not how you learn things. Morty's a gifted child. He has a special mind. That's why he's m
Beth	Jerry, I don't want whatever's happening here to stop.
Jerry	No, I-I understand. Uh, maybe we overreacted. But he has to keep going to school.
Rick	Okay, Jerry. You drive a hard bargain, but what am I supposed to do? Say no? You-you really wear the pants around here. I just want you
Summer	Frank Palicky was frozen to death today!
Rick	No idea what you're talking about.
Jerry	Okay. Well, uh, Morty, it's your bedtime in an hour. Don't stay up all night again. This is good, though. This can work. I think we ca
Beth	You know what? Okay.
Morty	Holy cow, Rick. I didn't know hanging out with you was making me smarter.
Rick	Full disclosure, Morty it's not. Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity.
Morty	Aw, man.
Rick	Yeah, and once those seeds wear off, you're gonna lose most of your motor skills, and you're also gonna lose a significant amount of br
Morty	Ohh, man.  Oh, geez! Ohh.
Rick	I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality, you're as dumb as they come and I needed those seeds real bad, and I had to give them up j
Jerry	What? Why are you looking at me? You want to go outside? Outside?
Jerry	Outside?
Jerry	Are you kidding me?! Come on!
Summer	Oh, my God.
Morty	What's wrong?
Jerry	Your idiot dog!
Morty	Oh, he he didn't mean it, dad. Did you, snuffles? You're a good boy.
Jerry	Don't praise him now, Morty! He just peed on the carpet! Bad dog! Bad!
Rick	Morty, come on. I need your help tonight.
Jerry	Hey, wait, hold on a second, Rick. You wouldn't by any chance have some sort of crazy science thing you could whip up that mig
Rick	I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior, Jerry. If I were you, I wouldn't pull that thread. Come on, Mor
Jerry	Listen, Rick, if you're gonna stay here rent-free and use my son for your stupid science, the least you could do is put a litt
Summer	Ha-ha!
Morty	Aw, man!
Rick	Boy, you really got me up against a wall this time, Jerry.
Rick	All right, Ruffles What's his name?
Morty	Snuffles.
Rick	Snuffles, shake.
Rick	Roll over.
Rick	Go to the bathroom.
Jerry	Holy crap!
Summer	No way.
Rick	Yeah, you're at the top of your game now, Jerry. Have fun. Come on, Morty.
Morty	That was fantastic, Rick!
Rick	Yeah, Morty, if you like that, boy, you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one.
Morty	W-w-w-what is it?
Rick	It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, Morty. It's just like that movie that yo
Morty	"You talking about ""Inception""?"
Rick	That's right, Morty. This is gonna be a lot like that, except, you know, it's gonna may--be make sense.
Morty	"""Inception"" made sense."
Rick	You don't have to try to impress me, Morty. Listen, tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher, Mr. Goldenfold,
Morty	Geez, Rick, in the time it took you to make this thing, couldn't you have just, you know, helped me with my homework?
Rick	Are you listening to me, Morty? Homework is stupid. The whole point is to get less of it.
Rick	Come on, let's just get over there and deal with this thing. W-we're gonna incept your teacher. You're frustrating me.
Mrs. Pancakes	You don't know me!
Mr. Goldenfold	' Nice, Mrs. Pancakes real nice.
Mrs. Pancakes	You don't know me!
Rick	Uh-oh! Spoilers!
Rick	I'm a full season behind.
Morty	Wow, Rick, I can't believe we're sitting around, standing around in Mr. Goldenfold's house. It's really weird.
Rick	It's about to get a whole lot weirder, Morty.
Mrs. Pancakes	Wheat thins. Wheat thins.
Mr. Goldenfold	I'll take two.
Mrs. Pancakes	Oh, I think you've had enough, sir.
Rick	All right, Morty, time to make our move.
Mr. Goldenfold	Make it bounce.
Mrs. Pancakes	No, you didn't.
Mr. Goldenfold	Oh, jiggle it now.
Mrs. Pancakes	You better stop with that.
Rick	Allahu  akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math!
Rick	Hey! I said nobody move, buddy!
Mr. Goldenfold	The name's not buddy. It's Goldenfold. Nice to wheat you!
Rick	Take cover, Morty!
Mr. Goldenfold	AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Morty	Ooohhh!
Rick	Goldenfold's got more control here than I anticipated. I mean, the guy teaches high-school math.  I didn't take him for an acti
Morty	What?! Are you kidding me?! Ohhhhhh!
Rick	Don't be a baby! You avoid getting shot in real life all the time, Morty. Just do the same thing here, and we'll be fine!
Jerry	Now bring me my slippers.
Summer	Now, be my footstool, Snuffles.
Jerry	This is what I'm talking about. This is a dog.
Jerry	You said the same thing, equally sarcastically, at our wedding and guess what?
Snuffles	Ooowwwwowowwaawaa!
Summer	Oh, my God! He's trying to tell us something.  That is so awesome.
Snuffles	Aaaawwaaaaawaawa!
Jerry	"Aw, he's saying ""I love lasagna""."
Snuffles	Ooooyayawawa!
Summer	"He's saying ""I love Obama"".  So cute! I'm posting this  online, like, right now."
Jerry	I should call Bob Saget. Is that still a thing?
Snuffles	Hmm?
Rick	Goldenfold, we're coming out! We just want to talk!
Rick	Because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen. And because I have a human shield.
Mr. Goldenfold	Mrs. Pancakes! AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!
Rick	Oh, no, Morty. His subconscious is panicking.
Rick	Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa!
Morty	Whooooa! Whoooooooa! Whoa! Whooooooooaaaaa!
Morty	AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Rick	Relax, Morty. Look! Mrs. Pancakes has a parachute. Come on!
Mrs. Pancakes	Hey, you don't know me!
Morty	Oh, no, Rick, look! Goldenfold landed the plane, and he's created a  mechanical arm to pluck Mrs. Pancakes out of the air whil
Rick	Pretty concise, Morty. Looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable. That's it, Morty! Prolonging the inevitable! Listen, i
Mrs. Pancakes	You don't know m-
Rick	All right, let's go.
Morty	Oh, man, Rick, this is pretty weird.
Rick	Don't judge, Morty.
Morty	Okay. All right, well Look, Mrs. Pancakes is right over there. I'll just go ask her to tell goldenfold not to kill us when she
Rick	Whoa, whoa, Morty, the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea. Listen to me. If we're gonna incep
Morty	Ooh, oh! Oh, man.
Morty	I'm sorry. No, no.
Morty	No, thanks!
Morty	No, I'm okay.
Morty	Whoa!
Summer	Hey, there, stranger. What do you think of these things?
Morty	Ohh! Oh! Gross! Gross!
Rick	Whoa, whoa, whoa! What's the matter with you, Morty? Calm down! You're kind of killing the vibe in here.
Morty	It's Summer! Aw, geez.
Summer	Can you blame him? Come on, old man, little boy. Let's make an inter-generational sandwich.
Rick	Time to go another dream deep, Morty!
Morty	What the hell? Why would Mr. Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs.
Rick	Geez, I don't know, Morty. Wha-what do you want from me?
Scary Terry	Welcome to your nightmare, bitch! RAAAAAWWWRRR!
Rick	Oh, here we go!
Morty	Ooooooohhhhh! Holy crap!
Rick	Looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives.
Scary Terry	I'm scary Terry. You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Jerry	Whoa! Hey, buddy. What you got going on there?
Snuffles	Snuffles fix. Make better.
Summer	Humans understand snuffles now? That is awesome!
Snuffles	Snuffles want to be understood. Snuffles need to be understood.
Jerry	Okay, yeah. I get what Beth was talking about. Fun's over.
Summer	Whoa, dad, you can't, like, endow a creature with sentience and then rip it away.
Jerry	Why not?
Summer	I don't know. It's Indian giving.
Summer	Aw! Oh, my God! He recognizes the other dogs on TV.
Rick	Holy crap! We have to escape into someone else's dreams, Morty!
Morty	Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man!
Rick	The little girl!
Morty	Huh?
Rick	Are you kidding me? This again? Oh, man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here, Morty.
Morty	Oh, geez, Rick. W-w-whoa, this isn't good.
Scary Terry	Nothing but fear from here on out, bitch!
Morty	Ohhhh!
Rick	Holy crap, Morty. He can travel through dreams. He can travel through dreams! We're so screwed!
Snuffles	Where are my testicles, Summer? ... Where are my testicles, Summer? They were removed. Where have they gone?
Snuffles	Do not call me that!
Snuffles	"""Snuffles"" was my slave name. You shall now call me Snowball, because my fur is pretty and white."
Summer	Okay, Snowball, just calm down, okay? You're scaring me.
Snuffles	Scaring you?
Summer	AAAAAAAHHH!!!!!
Snuffles	Tell me, Summer, if a human was born with stumpy legs, would they breed it with another deformed human and put their childr
Summer	Uhhh ...
Jerry	Hey. Oh, wow. Okay, is is is everything okay in here?
Snuffles	Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?
Summer	Yeah. Totally. Let's go.
Snuffles	You will walk when it is time to walk.
Rick	What are we here for again? Incepting? We're trying to incept-
Morty	"We're trying to incept me to get an ""A"" in math?"
Rick	Oh, yeah.
Scary Terry	Buckle up, bitch!
Morty	Ooooooaaahhh!
Morty	"Man, he sure says ""bitch"" a lot!"
Scary Terry	You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Rick	Hold on, Morty. Y-you know what? He keeps saying we can run but we can hide. I say we try hiding.
Morty	But that's the opposite of what-
Rick	Yeah, well, since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything?
Morty	Hey, you know what? You got a really good point there, Rick. Like, if the truth was that we could hide, it's not like he'd be
Rick	Worst-case scenario we're back to running.
Morty	Wow, you know what? I mean, it looks like we could have just hid this whole time. Boy, Rick, that was some good thinking.
Rick	Thanks, Morty. Yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while.
Scary Terry	You can run But you can't hide!
Rick	Oh, this is perfect, Morty. Look at that. He's getting sleepy. Just a little bit longer before he calls it a day. That's when w
Jerry	Snuffles, we didn't mean you any harm! This is a huge misunderstanding.
Summer	Dad, he wants to be called snowball.
Jerry	Well, I'm not calling him that. That's ridiculous.
Snuffles	You're being very aggressive, Jerry. Perhaps tomorrow Dr. Scraps will solve that problem with a bit of surgery.
Jerry	Huh! You think you can control me with a haircut?
Scary Terry	I don't want to talk about it!
Scary Terry	Yeah, I know, I know. I shouldn't take my anger out on you or Scary Brandon. I love you, Melissa.
Rick	Morty, this is perfect. After a little scary coitus, they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him.
Rick	Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare.
Morty	Oh, boy, Rick. I can only imagine what horrible things must, you know scare Scary Terry.
Scary Terry	Oh, no! I'm late to class, bitch! Oh, no! I'm not wearing any pants!
Scary Terry	"Oh, uh, um ... ""Bitch."""
Rick	Yeah, this is a bunch of bullcrap. Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone? Why don't you let the poor guy say
Rick	You're putting too much pressure on yourself, scary Terry. You know, I mean, y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is.
Morty	Hey, yo, scary T., don't even trip about your pants dawg. Here's a pair on us, fool.
Scary Terry	Aww, bitch. I don't know what to say.
Morty	You don't need to say anything. We got you, dawg.
Rick	You're our boy, dawg. Don't even trip.
Scary Terry	Oh, hey, it's you guys!
Scary Terry	If you guys ever need anything, just say the word.
Rick	As a matter of fact, Terry, there is something you could help us with.
Scary Terry	I always hated that song!
Scary Terry	These halves don't belong together, bitch!
Scary Terry	Sex is sacred!
Scary Terry	This is because you don't give Morty Smith good grades, bitch!
Mr. Goldenfold	"Holy crap! God damn! I know one thing for sure I'm giving Morty an ""A"" in math, and that's my idea. That is an orig"
Morty	What the hell?
Rick	Out of the frying pan dot, dot, dot, huh, Morty?
Morty	Oh, man, what's going on?
Rick	Well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier, then turned on Jerry, Be
Jerry	I can't believe how mean snuffles got just because he's smart.
Summer	This is why I choose to get C's.
Rick	Psst, Beth, Jerry, Summer.
Morty	- Dad! - Rick!
Rick	If we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over.
Jerry	Whoa, whoa, whoa. We're not going anywhere. This is my house. I'm not abandoning it.
Rick	It's all over, Jerry. The dogs are on a path to total world domination. But, hey, at least they know not to piss on your carpet
Jerry	Wait a minute. I have an idea. Gentlemen, a moment of your time.  See that? I'm peeing all over your special guns. That means
Snuffles	Bad person. Bad.
Rick	Ooh, great plan, Jerry.
Snuffles	Bring the boy to me. You were always kind to me, Morty. That's why I will leave you with your testicles. From now on, you w
Morty	Th-thanks, snuffles.
Snuffles	Begin phase two.
Morty	Mmm. Thank you, Fido. Rick! I thought you were dead!
Rick	No, no, no, I was just playing dead. Good news, though, Morty. This whole thing's gonna be over really soon.
Morty	What?
Rick	It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all
Morty	But I-it's been like a whole year!
Rick	It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know,
Morty	Aw, man. I really liked this life. Well, at least I didn't really crap my pants.
Rick	No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happe
Morty	Aw, man, geez! Seriously?
Rick	Look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, Morty. Here, here take these, Morty. Take these.
Morty	Are these pills supposed to wake me up, or something?
Rick	Close. It's gonna make your kidneys shut down.
Morty	What?!
Rick	It's necessary for the plan, Morty. Don't even trip, dawg.
Snuffles	Anything. Anything for my precious Morty.
Snuffles	To hell with my kingdom, bean counter. I would trade it all for my human's health and happiness.
Snuffles	We are not them! We are not them.
Snuffles	Taking over the human's world will lead to nothing but more heartbreak, more cruelty. Instead, we will go to a new world an
Morty	I'm gonna miss you, snowball.
Snuffles	You can call me snuffles, Morty, and I'm going to miss you, too, very much.
Beth	Jerry?
Jerry	"I'm sorry. It's just like the end of ""Old Yeller."
Beth	Oh, Jerry. You mean because it had dogs in it.
Morty	Wow! A whole world populated by intelligent dogs. I wonder what it'll be like, Rick.
Rick	I think it will be great, Morty. You know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages. I mea
Morty	You know, that's a real comforting idea, Rick.
Rick	What do you know, Morty? What do you know?
Rick	Oooh! This is how you dream, bitch.
Principal Vagina	Principal Vagina here, don't let the name fool you, I'm very much in charge, reminding you that tonight is our annu
Morty	Ohhh. Okay, here we go.    H-Heyy Jessica, ughh.
Jessica	What's up Morty?
Morty	Ugghh
Brad	What are you doing?
Morty	Ummm
Brad	Wait, wait, Were you about to talk... to her?
Morty	Well, I mean, I was thinking about it.
Brad	Dude, Stay in your league! Look at how hot she is! You don't see me going to a bigger school, in a wealthier district and hitti
Jessica	Gee, thanks, Brad.
Brad	I throw balls far. You want good words, date a languager.
Jerry	Eh, Try not to worry about it, Morty. You're a good kid, and there's not a premium on that right now, but you'll be getting gi
Morty	You're missing the point, Dad. I don't want girls, I want Jessica!
Jerry	Ahhh, well,  I remember feeling that way about a young lady named your mom, and that's not an urban dis, your mom was my Jessi
Rick	I should get her pregnant, then she'll have to marry me.
Jerry	I beg your pardon, Rick, INAPPROPRIATE.
Rick	Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school.  I'm not sure you want to take romantic advice
Jerry	My marriage is fine, thank you.
Rick	Jerry, it's your house, whatever you say it is is how it is,  but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the do
Morty	Come on, Rick, don't talk about my parents like that.
Rick	"Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call ""love"" is a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. I"
Morty	Alright, well, I'm gonna go get dressed for the dance.
Jerry	Yeah, I'm just going to...check on your mom.
Rick	Morty, hand me that screwdriver, huh?  I'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer, Morty. It's gonna be great.
Morty	Hey, listen, Rick. You know how you said that, you know... love is a chemical and all that stuff from earlier?  Well, I was th
Rick	Morty, that's such a poor use of my time, it's beneath me. Hand me the screwdriver.
Morty	YOU KNOW WHAT, NO RICK! I'M NOT GONNA HAND YOU THE SCREWDRIVER! Uh, I'm never gonna hand you anything ever again, Rick.  I'm a
Rick	You're growing up fast, Morty. You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass!  Listen, this is called oxytocin.
Rick	It's a, it's a rodent that mates for life, Morty. This is the chemical release in the mammal's brain,  ...that makes it fall in
Morty	Oh well, okay...
Rick	A hair, Morty, I need one of your hairs! This isn't Game Of Thrones.
Morty	Oww!
Rick	Alright, Morty, whoever you smear this stuff on will fall in love with you, and only you, forever. Ya happy now, Morty?
Morty	Heck yeah! Thank you, Grandpa Rick!  Hey there's no dangers or anything or side effects, right?
Rick	Www.. what am I, a hack?! Go nuts, Morty, it's full proof.
Rick	Ugh, unless she has the flu.
Jerry	Beth, do you still love me?
Beth	Want kinda question is that?
Jerry	"The ""yes"" or ""no"" kind."
Beth	Jerry, do you want homeless people to have homes?
Jerry	Yess.
Beth	Are you gonna build them?
Jerry	Noo.
Beth	"Then what good was the ""yes""?"
Jerry	Wait, iii... is loving me the house or the homeless people?
Beth	"Loving you is work, Jerry, hard work, like building a homeless shelter. Nobody want to say ""no"" to doing it, but some people"
Jerry	Sort of.
Beth	But I obviously sort of love you, don't I?  So stop asking and maybe I'll love you more.  Crap, They need me at the horse hospi
Jerry	This late?
Beth	The racetrack had a starlit derby, there's a seven horse collision, and Davin's there alone.
Morty	Hey there, Jessica.  Whooa-whoopsie!
Jessica	Omigod, Morty. You look REALLY nice tonight.
Morty	WOW, thanks!
Jessica	I love you, Morty. I love you so much it burns!
Morty	Oh man. I love you too, Jessica!
Brad	Is this punk bothering you, Jessica?
Jessica	LEAVE HIM ALONE, JERK!  I'M IN LOVE WITH HIM! HE'S MORE MAN THEN YOU WILL EVER BE!
Brad	Aw man, Morty, ugh, I'm really sorry.
Morty	Oh, well, no problem Brad.
Brad	There's somethin' special bout you, somethin' special.
Morty	Whoa, take it easy!
Jessica	GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF HIM!
Brad	BACK OFF I'M TRYING TO BE WITH MY MAN!
Principal Vagina	That's enough Bradley. We don't want you injuring your ball-throwing arm.
Brad	Oh, Principal Vagina.
Jessica	Never leave me, Morty, NEVER.
Morty	Uh, sure. I mean, of course not. What do you think that was all about?
Jessica	Who cares? Just hold me.
Brad	LET ME GO!!! I LOVE YOU MORTY!
Jerry	She's gonna be alone with that guy all night.
Summer	Yeah, Dad, digging around the inside of horses. It's not a very romantic setting.
Summer	Hurry up Morty, Grampa's about to unfreeze time. You know you really should be cleaning from top to bottom.
Morty	I know how to vacuum Mom and Dad, Summer, I've been doing it for six months!
Summer	Then you've been doing it wrong for six months. Oh, my God, is that mildew?
Morty	It's not my fault we froze time on a humid day!
Summer	You have dropped so many balls, man. Do you ever get scared Grampa Rick might make me his new sidekick?
Morty	What? What kind of monster are you?
Summer	A competent one.
Rick	Who cares about the  thing you guys are talking about? The whole point of freezing time is to stop giving a fuck. Put a shirt
Rick	Alright, listen, you two, we froze time for a pretty long time, so when I unfreeze it, the world's time is gonna be fine, bu
Morty	Our time is gonna be unstable? What does that even mean?
Rick	It means relax and stop being a pussy, Morty. I thought you learned that by now. It also means don't touch your parents or w
Morty	Wait a minute, what?
Rick	And away we go!
Morty	Uh, did we ever put that mattress under Mr. Benson?
Rick	Shhh, Morty!
Jerry	...A THING OR TWO ABOUT... wait, what? Was the house...? When we pulled up I could have sworn the house was completely tras
Rick	Negative visualization, Jerry. It explains a lot about where you're at. Hi, sweety.
Beth	Hi, dad.
Beth	Summer, Morty, are you okay?
Morty	W-We just missed you a lot.
Summer	Yeah, we missed you so much. Too much to hug you though.
Rick	Yeah it would literally destroy them. Now listen, why do—why do—why—why don't you guys go get a free sunday ice cream,  go o
Jerry	This better not be a bribe. If I find a single thing out of place in this house, my love of ice cream won't save you. I'll
Beth	Sweety, is your shirt on backwards?
Morty	Oh!
Rick	Uh oh.
Jerry	Yeah, I like it this way. I'm not stupid.
Morty	Phew...
Rick	Man that guy is the Red Grin Grumble to pretending he knows what's going on.  Oh you agree, huh?  You like that Red Grin Gru
Summer	God, I feel terrible.
Rick	Yup, it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be.   One minute you're falling off a roof for six months, t
Morty	Uh, just to be clear, it was Summer's job to put the mattress under-
Summer	Uh, what? It was your job, Morty.
Morty	Nuh uh!
Summer	Yeah huh!
Rick	Actually, sorry Summer, I gotta back the M bomb on this one. I remember the conversation. We told Morty to replace all the b
Morty	Boom! In your face Summer! You really dropped the ball, man.
Summer	Shut up Morty, you vindictive little turd!
Morty	You shut up you big... female asshole!
Summer	I didn't!
Morty	You didn't what?
Morty	What's yours?
Morty	You shut up!
Rick	Whoa whoa wh-what the hell hell hell hell hell?
All Ricks	Oh God, oh no, what did you guys just do?
Summer 1	What do you mean?
All Summers	Wait, what am I saying?
Rick	Were either of you guys uncertain about anything just now?
All Mortys	Oh man... I don't feel good.
Morty 1	Am I me? I think so.
Morty 2	A-am I talking right now?
All Mortys	Wait, who said that?
All Ricks	Alright both of you, just don't move, don't speak, don't think. I have to check something.
Summer 1	What should we do Morty?
Morty 1	Let's see if he needs help.
Morty 2	What do you mean you're gonna help him.
Summer 1	Ugh, I can help too.
All Summers	What's happening Grampa?
All Ricks	Shut up!  Oh crap are you kidding me? Two dots? This never needs to be more than one dot. The two of you made us uncerta
Morty 1	What do you mean?
Morty 2	What? In English?
Summer 1	What? English please?
All Ricks	Our time is fractured. You two somehow created a feedback loop of uncertainty that's split our reality into two equally
All Mortys	But I thought there were infinite timelines.
All Ricks	We're not on any timeline, dummy. Look.
All Mortys	Oh, my God!
All Summers	Are those cats?
All Ricks	I assume they're Schrodinger's cats. A-actually, I assume they both are and aren't, just like us.
All Ricks	“Mom and Dad?” Get your head out of your family's ass. The three of us are lost in a timeless oblivion. Your parents get
Jerry	Cold Stone Creamery is the best. What should we do with our remaining twenty dollars?
Beth	You realize they sing no matter how much you tip.
Beth	Holy shit! What happened?
Jerry	I hit a deer! W-we have to tell the cops you were driving.
Beth	W-what?
Jerry	This is Rum Raisin!
Beth	It's still alive.
Jerry	Well, do we- do I uh, get a big rock? Or--
Beth	It's not an armadillo, asshole!
Jerry	I thought that's what a man's supposed to say, it's not like I could have actually done it.
Beth	If we were near a hospital, I could treat it, but I-I think we have to just-
Jerry	It's okay, this is just something that happens. And even if we were in a hospital, what could we do, you're a horse surgeon
Beth	So...
Jerry	Well don't different animals-
Beth	Require different levels of skill to keep alive?
Jerry	Oh God...
Beth	Get the deer in the car, Jerry.
Jerry	Yes Beth.
All Ricks	This is why you don't freeze time, you guys. It's incredibly irresponsible.Morty 1
Morty 2	And you did it so you could clean the house after a party?
All Ricks	Look, there's no time to hold me accountable, Morty. Like literally no time. Look around. Uncertainty is inherently uns
Morty 1	Or...
Morty 2	Or?
All Ricks	We “isn't”
All Ricks	Alright, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities, and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this, I'm p
All Ricks	Whatever you're asking, the answer is I'm amazing. And away we go!
Rick	Huh, what do you know, it's working
Summer 1	Ow, ow ouch!
Morty 2	Whoa, ow, ow.
Rick	Oh shit.
All Ricks	What the hell is wrong with you two!? I—I m—I m—I mean you four!?
All Ricks	Good I'm glad it was painful. You do deserve it! I saw you, you're both  all over the damn place. We've been split for
All Mortys	Well you don't exactly make it easy, Rick!
Morty 1	You make fun of me all the time and now Summer's doing it too!
Morty 2	You're always picking on me and now you got someone to kiss your ass!
Summer 1	Me? What about you? Would you get more excited to see me fail? You want Grampa all to yourself!
All Ricks	Alright, cool it, I see what's happening here. You're both young, you're both unsure about your place in the universe,
Beth	Emergency, wounded deer coming in.
Vet	Three. Excuse me, you can't be back here.
Beth	I'm a certified horse surgeon, and this deer needs medical attention. Nurse, please move that snake.
Vet	That's my nurse, and as a horse surgeon, I'm sure that you know that deer have much smaller, much more intricate organs-
Beth	As a vet, I'm sure you know a deer is closer to a horse than you are to a doctor, so let's save the measuring for when our d
Vet	Geez...
Beth	That's odd, this deer's wounded.
Jerry	Uh, yeah, I was there, you don't have to rub it in.
Beth	I mean it's been shot. With a gun.
Vet	May I help you, sir?
Vet	Look, I don't know what the law says about this, but I took an oath that I would let no animal come to harm. Except when ster
Beth	In your dreams, bitch! Scalpel!
All Ricks	So in conclusion, you're both equally mercurial, overly sensitive, clingy hysterical bird brained homunculi. And I hone
All Ricks	Alright, perfect. Sit still,  arms down, I'm gonna do this again, this time, be like Grampa.
Morty 2	You mean drunk?
Morty 2	No.
All Ricks	Huh, that's weird. Oh, my God.
All Summers	What?
All Ricks	That son of a bitch is gonna kill me!
All Mortys	Rick what the hell are you doing?
All Ricks	Saving our lives. After he takes me out he's gonna be coming for you!
All Summers	Who?
All Ricks	Me!
All Summers	Ahh!
All Mortys	Whoa whoa!
All Ricks	Oh God, now there's three of them, we're outnumbered! Get in the cupboards! Wait, don't don't do that, they'll know...
Beth	You son of a bitch, you don't stop living until I SAY SO!
Vet	Who's this now?
Jerry	She normally works on horses.
Beth	Jerry, if you're not gonna help, get the fuck out of here! I will reach into heaven and yank your screaming deer soul back!
Vet	Jesus...
All Ricks	Shh shh... I know where you are, you creepy old monster... I know how you think! Oh, is this where you think I'm going?
All Summers	Holy shit, now what?
All Mortys	Well if all of me knocked out all the Ricks, and you peed in all of your pants, doesn't that mean that we're all synch
All Summers	Right.
All Mortys	Okay... so from now on, whatever we do we have to be certain.
All Summers	Right...
All Mortys	I think I'm certain we're F'd in the A.
All Ricks	Oh God, my head. What did you guys do?
All Mortys	We put you in a dog crate because you were acting crazy, and you caused another time fracture.
All Summers	You tried to kill yourself!
All Ricks	Only in self defense, myself tried to kill me first! Guys, I don't expect you to understand this, but time breaking twi
All Summers	Well is there some way you can prove you're not a threat to yourself and others anymore?
All Ricks	Ah, for God's sake, alright here, give me the time crystal.
All Mortys	W-what're you doing?
All Ricks	Calling myself. Here, listen,  it'll probably go to voice mail since, you know, I'm calling myself.
All Ricks	Don't fall for it, it's a bit.
All Ricks	Hey Rick, it's Rick. Listen, I'm sorry about earlier. No hard feelings. I know you know I mean it too. Take it easy. Wh
All Summers	Okay, well we're still not gonna let you out of this crate.
All Ricks	Fine I'll just do it myself.
All Mortys	If you could get out that whole time why didn't you?
All Ricks	Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty. That's the difference between you and me. I'm c
All Mortys	You know, geez Rick, y—y—you're really tearing into me right now. You know, words hurt.
Morty 1	Oh, my God!
Morty 2	It's a monster!
Summer 1	It's a monster!
Testicle Monster A	Ey, ye ey, quit yellin' quit yellin'.
Testicle Monster A	What the fuck?! Your time is all ripped up to hell! You broke your time, twice!
Testicle Monster A	How did this happen?
Testicle Monster A	Shut the fuck up! Oh, damn, I'm from the 4th dimension. I can hear all o' y'all. Now let's just see what we go
Testicle Monster A	Ay, damn it, were you tryin' to use this to- oh, see, you broke time, and you thought you could just stick it
All Mortys	Oh way to go, Rick.
All Summers	Yeah Grampa, way to go.
All Ricks	Oh, what you're just gonna listen to this guy now? He's got a giant testicle for a head! He came here in a bubble. For
Testicle Monster A	Shut up. Here, put these on. They'll sync your possibilities up so I can bring you back to certain time. Y'all
Testicle Monster A	Exactly, because you're being obstinate.
Rick	Yes, we're back, problem solved.
Summer	Yes, we're back to our own time.
Morty	Yes no more cats, no more cats, oh you did it, you fixed it.
Testicle Monster A	Yeah, now keep those collars on so you don't break your weak ass time again.
Rick	How long exactly do we have to wear these things? They're really embarassing.
Testicle Monster A	Well since you're goin' to time prison, I'd say you can keep em on forever.
Summer	Time prison?
Testicle Monster A	Yeah, well I don't know where you expect me to think you got that crystal over there, but the only way you dum
Summer	You stole a time freezing crystal from testical monsters?
Rick	I would have been happy to pay for it, Summer, but they don't exactly sell them at Costco. Besides, there's a larger lesson
Testicle Monster A	Ututututut! You'd better keep back! Man this will turn your ass into a third trimester fetus from 30 yards.
Vet	Hmm...
Beth	Isn't there a kitten somewhere that needs a manicure?
Jerry	Honey, it's gonna be okay. These men are from the Cervine Institute of Elk, Moose Deer and Stag. They can take this deer to
Vet	I guess that's the end of that.
Jerry	We did it...
Testicle Monster A	Uh-huh, no motha- no, Earth, dude, I'm talking 'bout, yeah, with the dinosaurs. No, if you've get to the dolph
Morty	Why are you doing this?
Testicle Monster A	You think I wanna be an omniscient immortal being transcending time and space my whole life? I got ambitions m
Rick	What if I told you there's a huge ticket up right behind you?
Testicle Monster A	You really think I'm that stupid?
Rick	Alright, hear me out on this. You're immortal, right, which means your life is infinite. Well in that case there's 100% chan
Testicle Monster A	I cannot argue that.
Rick	Ah, God, gross and weird!
Testicle Monster A	Chris!
Testicle Monster A	You killed my gun!
Rick	Summer, Morty, take off your collars!
Testicle Monster A	What? What the hell are you doing?
Rick	Good question. I suppose the answer is
Testicle Monster A	Oh, no, what are you doin'?
Testicle Monster A	Lis- ay, to, AH. But these arms are vestigial. Now you poked me where an eye would have been about six million
Testicle Monster A	Ow, I'm defeated...
Jerry	Look, I know I was kind of a nuisance today. I know it's my fault we hit the deer, and I know you wanted to be the one to s
Beth	Whatever. How petty would I have to be to care less about an animal's life than my own ego?
Jerry	Hmm... you'd have to be pretty petty. But you'd still be the woman I married.
Beth	Where are we going?
Jerry	One last stop.
Beth	Where's the helicopter?
Jerry	There is no helicopter and there is no Cervine Institute.
Beth	But the top deer surgeon...
Jerry	I'm looking at her. Thanks for F.D.'ing me up like that.
Beth	I need five minutes.
Beth	Jerry, this was the most romantic weekend I've ever had.
Jerry	Thanks to Cold Stone Creamery.
Morty	Yes, oh, yes, yes!
Summer	Woohoo! Whoo! Whoo!
Morty	Oh, that was a close call. Oh yeah, do it Rick, do it right.
Rick	You know what I'm talking about, oh yeah. I'm gonna do the cabbage patch, Morty. Check me out I'm doing the cabbage patch da
Morty	Do the cabbage patch. Do—do—do the dance.
Summer	Hey wait a second, how come you guys took longer to get here?
Morty	I don't know. I think like one sixty-fourth of my collars didn't work. It's hard to keep straight now that I have sixty-thre
Rick	Yeah.
Morty	But I feel like one of the sixty-four Ricks like, sacrificed himself for me, maybe, I think.
Rick	Shut up, Morty. The last time you felt something, we all almost died. You little s—piece of shit.
Beth	Hey guys, we're home.Morty & Summer
Jerry	Um, hold the phone, where did you guys get those necklaces from? Uh, Lady Gaga, table for three, am I right?
Jerry	Are you guys Power Rangers? But only on one small part of your necks? Hey, do those things need batteries? Were they includ
Beth	I'm gonna pee my pants.
Morty	Doesn't feel so good, does it?
Rick	No it doesn't. It hurts.
Beth	I'm gonna pee-hee-hee.
Jerry	Somebody call the planet of Tron, we have three Tron people over here. But seriously, are these Halloween costumes? Are you
Testicle Monster A	Hey man, when the hell were you?
Testicle Monster A	I told you past the dinosaurs.
Testicle Monster A	Come on, man, it's this way...
Testicle Monster A	There he is, there he is, there he is, there he is, stop, stop.
Testicle Monster A	Yeah, that's him. Hey, man, remember me?  I got something for your ass! You don't mess with time! You don't fu
Jerry	The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk.
Beth	Jerry, get a job.
Rick	Uh, w-why don't you get it Jerry? you're the man of the house and you don't have a job.
Summer	Gross, what is that thing?
Rick	Ughhhh... belchflies towards front doorTurning back around and re-entering dining roomScoffsHovers over Jerry and ful
Rick	Beth, Squanchy culture is more... contextual than literal. You just say what's in your squanch and people understand.
Beth	Oh, okay... I squanch my family.
Beth	What? I do, I squanch my family.
Rick	Oh boy. Time to go, Morty.
Morty	Uhh, where?
Rick	The Pentagon. I mean, not THE Pentagon.  The lame one, here on Earth.
Summer	Is it God? If it’s God, do we get out of school?
Beth	It’s not God, Summer.
Jerry	She’s allowed to think it’s God if she wants, honey!
Beth	Shut up, Jerry.
Jerry	Ok…
Beth	Dad, what do you know about this?
Rick	Morty and I are going to look into it. You guys hold tight.
Mr. Goldenfold	Scary stuff, huh? Pretty freaky. Hi, I’m Morty’s math teacher. I’m also part of the street team inviting folks to the
Beth	How is praying going to help?
Mr. Goldenfold	Ma’am, a giant head in the sky is controlling the weather. Did you wanna play checkers? Let’s be rational! I’ll see yo
President	Gentlemen, gentlemen, one at a time! Simon?
Nathan	Have you tried sending it launch codes? Mr. President, what America’s got is 70,000 megatons of KABOOM-BOOM! And I say we show
Rick	Stay back! This watch turns people into snakes!
President	Stand down. Everybody stand down! I’m the leader of these people and I’m unarmed. There’s no need for any more snake-makery.
Rick	My name is Rick Sanchez. This here’s my grandson Morty.
Morty	Hey.
Rick	I’ve seen enough of the galaxy to know that what we’ve got here is a Cromulon from the Cygnus-5 Expanse. So you can forget about
Rick	No, Frasier. A live performance of a newly-written, catchy, original song. The Cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of le
President	All right, all right. Thank you, Mr. Sanchez. Change of plan, people. Get me Pharrell, Randy Newman, Billy Corgan, and The-
Rick	You’re gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at Area 51.
Nathan	How do you know about that?
President	For God’s sake, Nathan, the man turns people into snakes. He can use Google Maps.
President	What? How is that possible? Do people just die when I name them?
President	Dear God.
Rick	Good luck, Mr. President.
President	Sanchez! Are you a musician?
Rick	I dabble, Mr. President.
President	Get this man and his grandson on a Blackhawk to Area 51.
Principal Vagina	Hi, Principal Vagina. The name’s real, possibly Scandinavian. I’m just gonna come out and make this pitch. The old
Principal Vagina	Ah, di di di di.  Bob, Bob, I get it. But unless this  can beat that… what have you done for me lately?  So if you
Mr. Goldenfold	Ohhhh, this is my favorite part!
Morty	Rick, are you really a musician?
Rick	Who’s NOT a musician, Morty?
Morty	Me!
Rick	Yeah, not with that attitude.
Morty	B-b-but we don’t have a song!
Principal Vagina	Giant head in the sky, please forgive all that we’ve done. We’re sorry for increased levels of emissions and our ra
Rick	All right, Morty, let’s get ready to do it! Why don’t you, uh, find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind o
Morty	Rick, I think we need to cut our losses. We get our family and portal out of here!
Rick	Morty! Good music comes from people who are relaxed. Just hit a button, Morty! Gimme a beat!
Morty	Oh man, ok, all right, um…
Rick	Ahhhhh yeahhhhh Ya gotta get schwifty  Ya gotta get schwifty in here It’s time to get schwifty
Nathan	Get… schwifty? What the hell is that?
President	It’s our world’s best effort, that’s what.
Rick	Take off your pants and your panties Shit on the floor Time to get schwifty in here I’m Mr. Bulldops
Nathan	Mr. Bulldops?
President	Don’t analyze it, Nathan. It’s working!
Rick	Take a shit on the floor Time to get schwifty in here
Summer	Listen! The storm is stopping!
Rick	Hey, take your pants off It’s schwifty time today
Principal Vagina	Please be kind to us for we are but tiny things with entire bodies stuck to your ground.
Beth	Now hold on a second, let’s be rational about this.
Beth	No, I’m… I’m just saying, we don’t know if there’s a cause-effect relationship --
Beth	Oh, God, what’s going on now?
President	What the hell happened?
Rick	I think planet Earth has just been transported.
Principal Vagina	The head has left and sent its children!
Beth	Holy CRAP!
Summer	Oh dear giant head, we apologize for that discussion! It will never happen again!
Cromulon	WE ASKED THEM TO SHOW US WHAT THEY GOT. AND THEY DID. NOW WE’LL SEE WHICH OF THEM HAS GOT THE MOST. 24 HOURS, FIVE PLANETS,
Rick	Uhh, it’s probably a bad time to mention it, but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead.
Cromulon	Welcome back to Planet Music! First up, let’s hear the latest song from planet Parblesnops. The Greebybobes! SHOW ME WHAT Y
Cromulon	DISQUALIFIED!
Cromulon	There’s one every season. Moving on to planet Arbolez Meterosos. Arbolian Meterososians. SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT.
Morty	Like we’re not already under enough pressure!
Rick	Geez, Morty. The guy’s just doing his job. Take it easy.
Morty	Rick, Ice-T, could you guys take it less easy?! We’ve got six hours to come up with a song!
Rick	Genius happens in the moment, Morty.
Morty	Well, can we at least go get our family? You know, so we can take them with-with-with us if we lose?
Rick	That’s planning for failure, Morty. Even dumber than regular planning.  Balls.
Rick	Morty, Morty, stop! Listen! There’s only so much charge left in this thing. If we portal home from here and back, we’re not gon
Morty	What?!
Rick	Yeah,  you see, I try to shelter you from certain realities,  Morty. Cause if I let you make me nervous, then we can’t get schw
Morty	Stop saying it like it’s a thing! You made it up!
Rick	Hey, Morty! Could you lick my…
Morty	Rick, cut it out! That’s not funny, Rick!
Nathan	I’ve seen enough. These guys are one-hit wonders.
President	And what’s your plan, General?
Nathan	We still have the nuclear option. On my word, we can launch a nuclear missile at every one of those heads in the sky.
President	Our planet’s held captive on a live game show and your solution is to shoot the audience? You can put your faith in nukes
Principal Vagina	Hello? Yes sir, yeah. Thank you sir, thank you. He says he’s proud of what we’re doing and hopes we have a great As
Beth	We should pack up and leave town now.
Jerry	I think it’s inspiring that our community is coping with fear in a way that involves a festival and homemade ice cream. If you
Jerry	Whoa! Look at you! You’re wearing the hat and everything!
Summer	Here’s yours!  Mom, do you mind if I cook dinner tonight?
Beth	Yeah, sure. Wait, what??
Summer	I love you guys. You gave me life. And it’s the will of the many heads that all children honor their parents.
Beth	Dinner sounds nice.
Summer	Father, can we please go to the Ascension?
Jerry	Sure! Let’s go to the Ascension. Wh-wh-what is it?
Principal Vagina	We hereby send these un-wantables skyward that they might be inhaled by the many heads, later to be sneezed back to
Summer	Oh yes, yes! Rise to the giant head! You are free to be free!
Ice-T	A squeegee comes up from the garage, right? And he’s got a lobster in one hand and movie tickets in the other. He’s like, “I’m
Ice-T	Who would take a lobster to see Iron Man 3?
Ice-T	Aw, damn. We’re out of original flavor Fig Newtons. I should get going anyway.
Rick	Wait, wait, wait! Come on, h-hold on a second!
Morty	What?!
Ice-T	Damn. You didn’t tell me you fuck around with portals and shit.
Morty	That’s it!
Rick	Whoa, whoa! Morty! Give me that!
Morty	You lied! You lied about the charge! You were just being lazy! Get back! Sit down!
Rick	Morty, just put it down. You don’t know what you’re doing.
Morty	I’m going to go find Mom and Dad.
Rick	Nooooo!
Rick	Ahhhh, shit!
President	Ah, shit.
Morty	Ahhh, shit.
Summer	And then Ethan played guitar and we learned the Seven Contemplations of the Head by singing them. It was really fun. Praise be
Jerry	Yeah.
Principal Vagina	Hi folks, Head Priest Vagina. Thanks for farming all those potatoes. It’s 6 p.m., so if you’re a parent, you’re now
Summer	I’m going to start dinner!
Beth	I don’t know what to say. Summer is doing really well here.
Jerry	She’s aced every test in potato class, and look how important potatoes have become.
Beth	She’s not getting pregnant or doing drugs or missing curfew…
Beth	That’s not our business as long as Summer is thriving!
Summer	Taco time!  I hope it pleases you as the head desires.
Beth	That’s wonderful, Summer!
Jerry	We’re so proud of you. But honestly, you don’t have to make dinner every night.
Summer	Of course I do, silly!  Oh my God, daddy, I’m sorry I called you silly! I’m so sorry!  Heavenly head and cranial creator! For
Birdperson	Morty.
Morty	Birdperson?
Birdperson	You appear to be dying. I will make efforts to prevent this, but can promise nothing.
Rick	Wh-What do you think, Ice? Probably a little over-developed.
Ice-T	Shit. Over-developed, under-developed. Bad songs are bad songs.
Rick	Well, do you think maybe, could you give me some help with it, or… ?
Ice-T	Ah, hell no, man. You do your thing, but I can’t afford to get my pride wrapped up in your shame. You know what I’m sayin’?
Rick	Ice, I don’t want to be a negative Nelly or anything, but  if Morty doesn’t come back with my portal gun and I eat it out there
Ice-T	Pfff. I ain’t worried about no Earth blowin’ up, man.
Rick	What? Why not?
Ice-T	Yo, this is why.
Rick	What the fuck? You can turn into ice?
Ice-T	My story begins at the dawn of time in the far away realm of Alphabetrium. There, every being is a letter of the alphabet. But
Rick	Take it from me, Ice.  You can’t just  float around space not caring about stuff forever.
Ice-T	Pshhhh. Man, watch me. Good luck, Rick.
President	Ok, things are getting out of hand. I better make sure Rick has everything he needs to “get schwifty.”
Nathan	Oh, for God’s sake, that’s enough.
President	What the hell are you doing, Nathan? I’m the goddamn President of the United fuckin’ States!
Nathan	I’m setting the nuclear option to launch one minute into Earth’s performance. And you, Mr. President, I hope you like being h
President	Wait, wait, wait, why-why --
Birdperson	I believe I can access the history of Rick’s gun and help you get back to him.
Morty	But can you help me get to my family? You know, at my house?
Birdperson	Is your intention to abandon Rick using his own portal gun? In bird culture, this is considered a dick move.
Morty	All of Rick’s moves are dick moves! Wh-what am I eating? What is this, bird seed?
Birdperson	It is random debris. I found it in my carpet. I don’t know what humans eat.
Birdperson	Don’t be gross, Tammy.
Morty	Tammy… gross. Birdperson, you always stick up for Rick, but he doesn’t care about anyone but himself. He doesn’t think about t
Birdperson	And as a result, he has the power to save or destroy entire worlds. And he is the reason you and I know each other. And t
Morty	What’s that? Who’s that baby?
Birdperson	Morty, suppose you could retrieve your family from Earth but had to abandon Rick. I could give your loved ones shelter on
Cromulon	That was Chunky Tunk with “Full Ming Mong, Empty Gorp Dorp.” Up next, planet Earth!
Morty	Oh God! We’re up?!?!
Principal Vagina	Jerry and Beth, your family is a golden example of what Headism has to offer the world.
Beth	The world?
Principal Vagina	Headism is a hit. We’re taking it worldwide and would like Jerry to be our church’s “Head” of Advertising.
Jerry	You… would?
Principal Vagina	Beth, we’d like to promote you from horse surgeon, straight past human surgeon, to “Head” of Medicine.
Beth	That’s my dream! That’s my dream.
Jerry	Thank you. This is all so overwhelming, but, uh… we can’t.
Beth	Absolutely not.
Principal Vagina	I’m sorry?
Beth	We’ve been waiting 16 years for our daughter to respect us, but the key is, it has to be “our” daughter, not this person she’s
Jerry	We’ll take our chances raising her without fancy new jobs outside of a potato-based religion.  And you know what? I’m sick of p
Beth	And I‘m lucky to have you and I never tell you that! You know, we will come out of this stronger as a family!
Beth	Please don’t do this, please don’t do this! Summer!
Jerry	Summer, listen carefully. I stole a paper clip and I have it in my cheek but I don’t know what to do with it and it hurts.
Summer	You’re going to be ok!  You will come back as babies!
Jerry	I AM a baby! I’m a baby NOW!
Morty	Hello? Is anybody here?  Mr. President!
President	This is Bluebird. Code tango-niner-alpha. Abort launch. Abort! Hello?  He’s blocked me out.
Morty	Sir, I need to get to the stage and help Rick get schwifty!
President	It won’t matter how schwifty you get, Morty. The General’s got nukes set to launch halfway through Earth’s song!
Morty	Oh my God! C-c-can you fly a Blackhawk?
President	Can the Pope’s dick fit through a donut?
Morty	Uhhh, I’m not sure?
President	Exactly!
Cromulon	SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Rick	Ahem.  Uhhh… lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups, nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts.
Principal Vagina	Headward free now to rise!
Mr. Goldenfold	Hey! Look at the heads! Looks like the heads are gettin’ angry!
President	I’m really bad at this, Morty! There are way too many buttons on this thing!
Morty	Mr. President, if I’ve learned one thing today, it’s that sometimes, you have to not give a fuck!
Rick	Nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups… ooh, tough crowd.
Principal Vagina	I’m sure that has… that has nothing to do with this.
Summer	The heads are displeased!
Rick	Morty!
Mr. Goldenfold	The heads love this! They love it when we DON’T kill the Smith family!
Principal Vagina	No! Stop that! You’re not allowed to interpret the will of the heads!
President	Call off the nuclear strike! This is the President. Stop the nuclear missile launch!
Nathan	Just launch the missiles!
Cromulon	BOO! NOT COOL!
Principal Vagina	I’m the only one that speaks to the heads!
Cromulon	DISQUALIFIED!
Mr. Goldenfold	The heads disqualified Vagina! Get him!
Cromulon	DISQUALIFIED! DISQUALIFIED!
Ice-T	That’s right, it’s me, Ice-T! I care now! You made me care more! With all due respect, I’d like to hear what Rick and Morty ha
Morty	What do you say, Rick?
Rick	I say…  Let’s do it!
Rick	All right!
Morty	Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Rick	Come on, here we go!
Morty	Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Rick	Say it with me!
Principal Vagina	Ohhh my GOOOOODDDD!!!
Cromulon	After 988 seasons of Planet Music, the Cromulons have decided to declare Earth the final winner and bring our musical reali
Mr. Goldenfold	Did he just say “musical reality show”?
Jerry	Yeah, it’s possible that we may have been correlating some things that weren’t actually related at all.
Principal Vagina	HEEEEELLLLPPPP!!!!!
Beth	We should go get him.
President	I hope I can call on you again if we need you, Morty.
Morty	Sure thing! And I was kinda hoping that I could get a selfie with you?
President	Actually, if you try to tell anyone what happened here, we’ll deny it and probably worse.
Morty	Understood.
Nathan	DIIIIEEEE!!!!
President	Why didn’t he turn into a snake?
Rick	Trade secret, Mr. President. Particle beam in a wristwatch… snake holster on the leg.
President	I love this man!
Ice-T	Magnesium-J, Hydrogen-F. Father.
Ice-T	I have changed. I am ready to rejoin my brethren on Alphabetrium.
Rick	Don't worry about Jerry. He's gonna be fine.You hear me Jerry? You're gonna be fine!
Morty	Woahh!
Rick	ooo... Watch out for that stuff. It'll stain if it gets on your clothes, and it'll send into a murde
Beth	Why would you keep mutant bacteria in a pint of Cherry Garcia?
Rick	I know this isn't the time, but, you know, technically the second freezer drawer is mine.
Beth	Not anymore.
Rick	You're overreacting!
Rick	Alright fine, but you're not touching my CRISPR.
Summer	Is he going to die?
Rick	What? Every hospital claims to have the best doctor in the galaxy. It's like those pizza places that
Beth	Go in the waiting room, Dad.
Rick	Fine!  Excuse me. Coming through. What are you here for- Just kidding, I don't care. Well this won't
Rick	A sequel.
Rick	Yeah me neither, we pretty much nailed it the first time.
Announcer	Eye-holes! Get them today! IKEA.
Rick	You gotta be careful Morty, if that guy catches you with a box of his eye-holes he comes bursting in
Beth	I can't believe you're explaining alien cereal, we're worried about Jerry.
Rick	Well you're thirty-nine years too late, or however old he is. Is he fifty? Oh man, Beth is, is Jerry
Jerry	Where am I?
Alien Doctor	Relax Mr. Smith, you're in an alien hospital. I mean to you it's an alien hospital, to me yo
Jerry	My goodness.
Jerry	I see-WAIT! What?
Alien Doctor	It's perfect! The configuration of veins, the ratio of thickness to elasticity, the delicate
Jerry	Yeah, but, I mean-
Jerry	Alright! That's enough. You're talking about my species! We understand genocide, we do it sometimes
Jerry	Yes I will! That's right, assholes, take my penis, TAKE IT ALL! And tell Shrimply Pimples that when
Rick	Hey, what's wrong Morty? Oh, you're worried about your dad, huh?
Morty	Huh? Uh, no no no, I'm-I'm just looking at that lady getting coffee. What's up with her face? Is sh
Rick	Morty let's-let's see what else is on.
Morty	Okay.
Morty	Whoa! Look! It's that lady with all that shit on her face like Worf from Star Trek! That was getting
Rick	Oh, man Morty. How DID she get there?
Beth	Is that something we should be concerned about?
Rick	Just stay away from the coffee machine.
Announcer	In a world, where there are eight Jan-Michael Vincent's.
Announcer	And sixteen quadrants. There's only enough time for a Jan-Michael Vincent to make it to a quadra
Morty	Rick, who-who is Jan-Michael Vincent?
Rick	Oh man, I'm trying to remember Morty.
Announcer	Jan-Michael Vincent's are used up.
Morty	Is it important that we know who Jan-Michael Vincent is in order to get this?
Rick	Nope.
Announcer	This January, It's time to Mike down your Vincent's. Jan Quadrant Vincent 16.
Rick	That's Jan-Michaels.
Morty	Excuse me, nurse, can you take my temperature? Because I think I have Jan Quadrant Vincent fever ov
Rick	All right, Morty you've done it!
Alien Doctor	So, we'll be detaching your sexual organ at the base by making incisions here,here, and here
Jerry	Got it.
Alien Doctor	Leaving a partial length of severed urethra to be threaded through-
Jerry	Oh, you know what, I gotta laugh at myself here! I'm having a little laugh at myself because I just
Alien Doctor	Oh, do you think she'll be okay with this?
Jerry	Oh, absolutely. Beth is automatically on board, always, with every decision I make.
Alien Doctor	Smith family?
Beth	Yes?
Alien Doctor	I wanted to let you all know that Jerry is doing just fine.
Alien Doctor	But, ah, Mrs. Smith, could you come with me?
Jerry	Hi, honey, so, here's the thing-these guys-they want to completely remove my penis and use it as an
Beth	WHAT!?!
Jerry	Uh-oh, maybe we have a problem here after all guys. Yikes.
Alien Doctor	His penis will be replaced with a sophisticated prosthetic, now there's a wide range of opti
Beth	I don't care about prosthetics, this is insane! What do you people think you're doing?
Alien Doctor	I understand your feelings, Mrs. Smith.
Beth	Oh, I don't think you do. I bring my husband in for emergency medical treatment, he's gone an hour,
Jerry	Sheesh, well, there you go. Sorry. I know it's hard to understand but on Earth, love comes first.
Alien Doctor	There are those that believe, Mr. Smith, that Shrimply Pibbles represents love between all l
Beth	Woah! Woah. So, billions of life forms?
Alien Doctor	Hundreds of billions.
Beth	I mean, Jerry, y-you didn't explain the full gravity of the situation.
Jerry	Uh, well, Beth, I don't think your decision should be based on politics. Who could argue with a wif
Beth	Well I don't think that's fair at all, Jerry. At all. In fact, I think this whole paradigm has sexis
Jerry	Beth, can we talk about this privately?
Beth	You know, I think, the bottom line is, Jerry, if you want to keep your penis, you should say, out lo
Jerry	But, Beth, what kind of man would say something like that if the universe needed his penis!?!
Beth	Well, Jerry, what kind of wife would I be if I did anything to stand in your way?
Rick	Anyway, that's how I escaped from space prison! Oh, scary place.
Morty	Wow, Rick! That's -- That's one -- one heck of a story. I sure do wish I could have been there to see it happen.
Rick	Oh, come on. Who wants to watch a mad scientist use handmade sci-fi tools to take out highly trained alien guards
Beth	Dad, it's great to have you back, no matter where we are, but wouldn't you like to go home?
Rick	Emotionally speaking, honey, Shoney's is my home.
Jerry	Yeah, but you just got out of prison. I mean, how much of a step up from that is --
Rick	Jerry, get out of the booth, take all your clothes off, and fold yourself 12 times.
Jerry	You got it.
Rick	Six folds, huh? W-W-What, have you guys got me in a Series 9000? You cheap insect fucks didn't think I was worth
Cornvelious Daniel	"Man, I told the money bugs. I said, ""You know who this guy is, right? You want me to get intel out"
Rick	Well, you might as well order some pancakes, because I don't see the need to leave this part of my brain.
Cornvelious Daniel	Oh, I think you do. Eventually, you're either gonna relax your cerebellum.
Rick	Shoney's.
Cornvelious Daniel	Or the Series 9000 is going to turn it into mush.
Rick	Relaxed enough?
Cornvelious Daniel	I admire you, Rick--
Cornvelious Daniel	When I--
Cornvelious Daniel	Rick, here's--
Jerry	I tell ya, the Galactic Federation taking over Earth -- best thing that's ever happened to this family. I just g
Summer	Who cares how high they promote you? Everyone just gets paid in pills.
Jerry	Well, when you're not sure what you do for a living, you can make your own rules.
Beth	Summer, show your father some respect. He's pulling down a six-chewable figure income.
Morty	I kind of had big pills for lunch, and I  wasn't gonna eat any more pills.  Thank you, Conroy.
Jerry	You spoil us, Conroy.
Summer	Grandpa Rick wouldn't put up with this!
Beth	Stop saying his name! He abandoned us.
Jerry	Willem Dafoe! Th-That's the guy I couldn't think of this morning.
Beth	Don't make my mistake, Summer. Don't deify the people that leave you. You'll end up a horse surgeon in a world co
Summer	Maybe I just want you to care if I run away yelling!
Jerry	Ooh!
Rick	Oh, any particular ones? You want to see my first boner, or should we go straight to the moment I discovered inte
Rick	' Ooh, your little flappy doodles are twitching. Does that mean you're aroused, or did you just get a signal that
Cornvelious Daniel	It's arousal. Yes, I'd like very much to visit the memory of you inventing your portal gun.
Rick	Yeah, well, tough titties.
Rick	Well, that depends on who breaks first -- me or the titty.
Cornvelious Daniel	Someone special you remember? Is that your memory of her out there -- between where you were on 9/11
Cornvelious Daniel	If we stay here, you'll die, along with all your memories. If you take me where I want to go she'll
Rick	The day I invented the portal gun is the day I lost her.
Cornvelious Daniel	Oh, that sounds cool. I can get what I want and you can say goodbye.
Rick	Fine, but I'm driving.
Morty	Huh? What are you -- What are you doing?
Summer	Grandpa Rick must have some secret lab, right? With, like, laser guns and jets packs and a space tank! And we c
Morty	Summer, you're freaking me out. I know things have changed a lot, and I know you miss Rick, but getting him back
Summer	We're miserable, Morty! There's a mandatory curfew, their weird calendar made me 47, and they weaponized the Ei
Morty	Hey, I like being 35. I-I can rent a car now.
Summer	Because you suck! You've been keeping your lip zipped about it since Grandpa got arrested, but the fact is, you
Morty	He bails on everybody! He bailed on Mom when she was a kid! He -- He bailed on tiny planet! And in case I never
Summer	You're right!
Morty	What?! No, I'm not right. I-I was using ghoulish overkill! Ghoulish overkill, Summer!
Morty	Oh, God! Oh, God! Whoa, whoa!
Cornvelious Daniel	Where are we going?
Rick	To the day it all began and ended. The moment that changed everything.
Rick	Yeah, I'd like to get a 10-piece McNugget and a bunch of the Szechuan sauce. Like, as much as you're allowed to g
Cornvelious Daniel	Rick, you're doing this bit while your brain is melting.
Rick	Okay. All right, all right.
Cornvelious Daniel	Is that--
Rick	Me. I used to wear blue pants.
Cornvelious Daniel	When'd you make the leap to interdimensional travel?
Rick	I didn't. I did.
Young Rick	What?
Morty	Summer, nobody has to know about that. We could put it right back and pretend we never saw it, like we did with
Summer	Fine, stay here. I'll rescue Grandpa myself.
Morty	And how are you gonna do that?
Summer	I don't know yet. I'll make it up as I go. That's what Grandpa Rick does. That's what heroes do.
Morty	Y-You want to see what a hero Rick is? I-I'll bring you somewhere, Summer. Um-
Summer	"What is this place? And what's with ""Hunger Games"" Summer?"
Morty	That's my sister. This used to be my home.
Young Rick	Sounds lonely.
Young Rick	Eh, pass.
Young Rick	A different kind of Rick, I guess.
Young Rick	Sort of. I just took a long look at myself, and I don't think this science thing is gonna pay off.
Young Rick	That, Dianne, is the last great idea that will ever be had in this garage.
Summer	Good roasted Cronenberg, I assume. Mom, you're looking feral. I can't believe Rick did this.
Morty	These are the parts of Rick's adventures you don't get to see -- the parts he leaves behind. All right, it's bee
Morty	What are you doing with that?!
Morty	No! Why?! Why would you do that?! W-W-What is the matter with you people?!
Morty	Hold your fire! Hold your fire! I'm Morty C-137.
Summer	He's in prison.
Morty	Summer.
Summer	He got captured by the Federation and we were going to rescue him.
Summer	Boo-yah!
Summer	Boo-nah?
Young Rick	Come on, girls! The ice cream's gonna melt.
Young Rick	Nooooooo!
Cornvelious Daniel	Wow. This sauce is fucking amazing. You said it was promoting a movie?
Young Rick	Carry the three, add a two. I got it. I fucking got it.
Cornvelious Daniel	Whoa. I-Is that it, the portal gun?
Rick	Yeah. That's the three lines of math that separates my life as a man from my life as an unfeeling ghost.
Cornvelious Daniel	Awesome-possum.  Mission Control, you getting this?
Cornvelious Daniel	Yeah! Thanks, Rick. I'll try to remember to shut off the brainalyzer. Actually, I think it shuts of
Rick	Nope, they cannot.
Cornvelious Daniel	Why not?
Rick	Because the code you just uploaded wasn't actually my portal-gun formula, it was a virus giving me full control o
Cornvelious Daniel	What are you talking about? This is a memory. Y-You can't alter details of a memory.
Rick	True, but you can alter anything you want about a totally fabricated origin story.
Cornvelious Daniel	It's a trap! Abort! I'm still in his Shoney's! Repeat -- we never left his Shoney's!
Rick	Mission accomplished, boys. Pull me out.
Rick	Okay, have fun in what's left of my brain. I'm gonna transfer to yours. Oh, there's not enough room for all my ge
Cornvelious Daniel	It's a trap! Abort! We never left his --   No!
Summer	A city of Grandpas?
Morty	It's the Citadel of Ricks. All the different Ricks from all the different realities got together to hide here fro
Summer	But if every Rick hates the government, why would they hate Grandpa?
Morty	Because Ricks hate themselves the most. And our Rick is the most himself.
Riq IV	Operating an unregistered portal gun, radicalizing a Summer, conspiring with a traitorous Rick. How do you plea
Morty	How is this a fair trial? O-Our lawyer is a Morty.
Riq IV	It's not fair, you have no rights, and he's not a lawyer. We just keep him here because he's fun. Look at him g
Riq IV	We'll be lenient if you renounce your Rick. What say you, Summer?
Summer	I say fuck you! My grandpa was my hero. You killed him because you were jealous of him. That's pretty obvious f
Riq IV	Morty?
Morty	What? N-No, I don't want to see your Pog collection. I don't renounce Rick, and I never have. I was just trying
Riq IV	Let's not suck the ghost of his dick too hard. He was a terrorist, and now he's dead.
Morty	Oh, yeah? If you think my Rick's dead, he's alive. And if you think you're safe, he's coming for you!
Riq IV	All right, calm down! We have his Summer as a hostage. Obviously, I get her. You guys play Rick, Laser, Scissor
Summer	Grandpa Rick!
Rick	Duh!
Summer	You're alive!
Morty	Rick!
Rick	Morty, take this. You're gonna need it later.
Riq IV	That's enough, Rick.
Rick	What -- What's this supposed to accomplish? We have infinite grandkids. You're trying to use Disney bucks at a Cae
Summer	That's a bluff. He's bluffing, sir. He loves me.
Riq IV	You're a rogue Rick -- irrational, passionate. You love your grandkids. You came to rescue them.
Rick	I came to kill you, bro. That's not even my original Summer.
Summer	Oh, my God. He's not bluffing. He's not bluffing!
Morty	R-Rick?
Riq IV	Why not shoot through her?
Rick	20 yards, nine-gauge plasma pistol, My first shot would liquify her insides and injure you, second shot adds reco
Summer	What the fuck?
Rick	Or let her go, which I will reward with a quicker death.
Riq IV	Because you love her!
Rick	Because it's incentive for you to give me my cleanest shot, which will be your least painful death. But if you wa
Summer	I hate you!
Rick	Not an issue, sweetie.
Morty	That's enough! Drop the gun, Rick!
Rick	Morty, I know you're too stupid to get this, but you're really fuckin' this up right now.
Morty	I'm not letting you let my sister die! Drop the gun!
Rick	I wasn't gonna let her die, you fuckin' moron!
Riq IV	Ha!
Summer	Aww.
Rick	The point is he thought I was going to.
Riq IV	I totally did, by the way. You're a fucking moron, Morty.
Summer	Morty, you fucking idiot!
Rick	You're a serious fuckin' idiot, Morty! You basically killed us all! You're the worst! You're as dumb as a bag of
Morty	Who's stupid now, bitch?!
Summer	Morty, we just got him back!
Riq IV	That was amazing, Morty. Oh, my God. Wow. Okay, let's wrap this-
Rick	Good job, Morty. Let's go, kids.
Summer	What?! What happened?
Rick	Oldest Rick trick in the book.
Summer	"""Fake gun, shoot me in standoff."" Brilliant."
Morty	Ha, yeah. G-Good thing I saw that note.
Summer	Can't we just portal home?
Rick	Not until I finish what I started. And that is how you get level-nine access without a password.
Rick	Employee of the month, ladies and gentlemen.
Morty	So, what are you doing with level-nine access anyways?
Rick	Destroying the  galactic government.
Summer	Are you going to set all their nukes to target each other?
Morty	Ooh, or -- or reprogram their military portals to disintegrate their entire space fleet?
Rick	Good pitches, kids. I'm almost proud. But watch closely as Grandpa topples an empire by changing a one to a zero.
Mr. Goldenfold	No longer will the insects have domain over surface world!
Beth	Jerry, what the hell is happening?!
Jerry	The galactic government collapsed.
Beth	Are you okay?
Jerry	Look, I-I'm not proud to share this, but the truth is, I just kept crawling, and it kept working.  Oh, I'm glad
Beth	Just each other, and I'll never let you go. And I'm so sorry I ever did this to us.
Rick	Guess who dismantled the government?
Beth	Please don't leave me again.
Rick	I never will, baby.
Summer	I was right. He turned himself in on purpose. It was all part of his plan!
Rick	Jerry, is there any light beer left? It's insane what you miss in prison.
Jerry	Um..okay. No. No, no, no. Foot down time.
Rick	No, you're right. Where's the vodka?
Jerry	Beth, it's him or me!
Rick	Seems like you guys need some privacy. I'll, uh -- I'll be in the garage.
Rick	What the fuck? Not cool, Jerry! A man's garage is his castle.
Beth	Jerry's going to spend some time divorced.
Rick	Oh, I-I'm sorry to hear that, sweetie. I hope I had nothing to do with that.
Beth	Oh, God, Dad, that is not your burden to bear. I feel terrible that I misjudged you. This is gonna be good for Je
Rick	For everybody.
Beth	For everybody.
Beth	I better tend to Jerry before he changes his mind and doesn't move out. I will leave you two to your adventures.
Summer	Oh, my God. Nancy says they're drawing and quartering aliens in the school courtyard, and it technically counts
Morty	Geez! Are my parents seriously gonna get divorced? All right, Rick, I'm gonna go to my --
Rick	Not so fast, Morty. You heard your mom. We've got adventures to go on, Morty -- just you and me -- and sometimes
Morty	Okay, take it easy, Rick. T-T-That's dark.
Rick	Oh, it gets darker, Morty. Welcome to the darkest year of our adventures. First thing that's different -- no more
Morty	Oh, geez.
Rick	He threatened to turn me in to the government, so I made him and the government go away.
Morty	Oh, fuck.
Rick	I've replaced them both as the de facto patriarch of your family and your universe. Your mom wouldn't have accepte
Morty	Oh, man.
Rick	- without you and your sister, so now you know the real reason I rescued you. Oh! I just took over the family, Mo
Morty	Oh, man.
Rick	- or sister I said any of this, I'll deny it -
Morty	You're gonna deny it.
Rick	- and they'll take my side because I'm a hero, Morty. And now you're gonna have to go -
Morty	Oh.
Rick	"- and do whatever I say, Morty, forever! And I'll -- I'll go out and I'll find some more of that ""Mulan"" Szechu"
Morty	What are you talking about?
Rick	- Because that's -- that's what this is all about, Morty.
Morty	Szechuan?
Rick	That's my one-armed man! I'm not driven by avenging my dead family, Morty! That was fake. I-I-I'm driven by findi
Morty	McNuggets?
Rick	"I want that ""Mulan"" McNugget sauce, Morty! That's my series arc, Morty."
Morty	What the hell?
Rick	If it takes nine seasons, I want my McNugget dipping sauce, Szechuan sauce, Morty.
Morty	What are you talking about, Rick?
Rick	That's what's gonna take us all the way to the end, Morty.
Morty	What are you talking about?!
Rick	Season -- Nine more seasons, Morty. Nine more seasons until I get that dipping Szechuan sauce.
Morty	What is that?!
Rick	For 97 more years, Morty!
Morty	What are you talking about?!
Rick	I want that McNugget sauce, Morty!
Birdperson	I am Phoenixperson.
Pickle Rick	Morty.
Morty	Rick?
Pickle Rick	Morty!
Morty	Rick?
Pickle Rick	Hey, Mooorty!
Morty	Rick? Are you far away, or are you inside something?
Pickle Rick	Morty, the garage, Morty. Come to the garage!
Pickle Rick	Morty?
Morty	Rick? W-where are you?
Pickle Rick	On my work bench, Morty.
